cleopatra bathed in donkey-milk baths and used rose petals as a face mask . egyptian queen nefertiti made her own cosmetics using lead-based kohl . ancient india used cow dung and urine to boost their beauty regime .
a pregnant jehovah's witness woman and her baby have died after she refused a blood transfusion . the 28-year-old was diagnosed with leukemia seven months into her pregnancy . doctors told her she could give birth via caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require a blood transfusion . the sydney woman refused both options due to her religious beliefs . she had a stillbirth and died 13 days after her diagnosis after suffering a stroke and multi-organ failure .
peter moore, from stoke-on-trent, received letter from hm revenue and customs . letter apologised for family's 'recent bereavement' and said he had died . it said officials needed to sort out whether mr moore had paid enough tax .
burnley host tottenham hotspur in the premier league on sunday . sean dyche believes his side can beat relegation in the premier league . the clarets have been reinvigorated after a warm-weather training camp .
the robot, named bb-8, took to the stage at star wars celebration convention . it ran rings around the retro droid on its spherical body during filming . jj abrams, the film’s director, confirmed that a real robot was used during filming, but did not reveal how it works .
michael owen and kyle careford killed in road accident in east sussex . mr owen had just received news of a job offer when he was killed . he was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday when he was killed . family say they still can't accept he's gone .
a young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by bega cheese boss maurice van ryn has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life . the wealthy nsw businessman has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . one of his victims told sydney's district court on monday that she is scared for her future relationships . van ryn sat calmly in the dock and did not look at the young woman .
bbc bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers who are used to watching video online rather than through their tvs . but the revelation could spark controversy over the future of the licence fee . viewers are currently able to use the bbc's online services without paying .
brian and joan ogden were returning to hotel don pancho in benidorm . pickpocket in purple top reaches into mr ogden's pocket while her accomplice attempts to block his view . mr ogden, 80, and mrs ogden, 78, got their wallet back after confronting the crooks .
sergey burkaev, 16, and konstantin surkov, 17, accused of murder . duo 'doused bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat in south-west russia' police arrested pair after seeing stolen car being driven erratically . surkov and burkaev 'accused sidor fokine, 22, of stealing their phones'
chelsea are nine points clear of manchester city in the premier league . city won the league in 2012 and 2014 with late dramatic runs . joe hart insists his side are still capable of winning the title .
courtney terry, 27, was diagnosed with kidney cancer aged 19 . it killed her brother jordan, 23, seven years ago . despite chemotherapy and a kidney removal, it returned . she had planned to marry childhood sweetheart billy webb in seven months . but doctors have advised her to bring the event forward because of her worsening condition .
oratilwe hlongwane, from johannesburg, south africa, is still learning to put together words but is already able to play music from a laptop . his capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his house music . his mother, refiloe marumo, credits his astounding success on the decks to his father's decision to buy an ipad for his then unborn son . a mobile phone recording of him playing music was shared online and the youngster now has nearly 25,000 facebook fans .
clinton said wednesday that all of her grandparents 'came over' from other countries, but in fact only one was born outside the us . the statment clashes with what clinton herself has claimed publicly, including wednesday afternoon in norwalk, iowa . both of clinton’s maternal grandparents, named della howell and edwin howell, were born in illinois, according to buzzfeed's records research .
male stegosaurus had different shaped armoured plates to females . raises prospect that the dinosaurs used them to attract a mate .
yellow protein world advert features a model in a bikini with the question: 'are you beach body ready?' the campaign, which promotes the brand's weight loss collection, has attracted the ire of many social media users and body image campaigners . a change.org petition calling for the removal of the posters has now attracted more than 45,000 signatures . katie hopkins has slammed those who have been vandalising posters as 'chubsters' .
arshdeep kaur, 14, and her mother shinder, 38, were travelling to visit relatives . a group of about half a dozen men began harassing them on a bus in india . they tried to 'molest' arshdeep and her mother, but bus staff joined in . mrs kaur ran through the bus to tell the conductor to stop the bus . but as they tried to get off the bus, mrs kaur says they were pushed . mrs kaur later died in hospital and the 14-
bbc faced angry criticism for giving platform to 'mini russell brand' gareth shoulder mocked david cameron over his disabled son ivan . 24-year-old has been recruited by bbc to comment on election .
fleas in flagstaff, arizona, tested positive for the deadly plague . the disease is most commonly carried by fleas and rodents . prairie dog deaths alerted authorities to possibility of outbreak . human cases have developed from close contact with cats . plague is still contracted by as many as 2,000 people a year .
ed miliband confessed that he 'blubbed' during the british film pride . pride centres on the 1984 miners’ strike and the plucky underdogs are a london-based group of gays and lesbians . miliband received a lot of praise for admitting he 'blubbed' during the film .
robert bates had one taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period . he qualified 10 times to use a handgun, his lawyer says .
australian researchers have tested their drone running companion . called joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run . the technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner . and it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing . and the researchers said their’s was ‘the first system that has been successfully deployed in an outdoor setting’ .
today show hosts savannah guthrie and carson daly swapped gender roles in order to transform into two iconic grease characters . the duo went head to head with al roker, willie geist and natalie morales, who also donned long blonde wigs for their cover of australian singer sia’s chandelier . the two teams were judged by tv star and model chrissy teigen, one of the hosts of spike tv’s new series lip sync battle .
five-time winner ronnie o'sullivan will play debutant craig steadman . mark selby will play norwegian kurt maflin at the crucible . the tournament runs from april 18 to may 4 .
justin whittington, 23, was arrested on friday in bakersfield, california, and charged with child cruelty . following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment' . on saturday, whittington posted bail and will be released by sunday morning, with a court date set for april 24 .
jackson gordon is an industrial design student at philadelphia university . he has a batsuit made of armor plating, cape and cowl, built to stop a knife . gordon says his calling came five years ago when he began experimenting with cosplay .
the fbi says it will investigate whether civil rights were violated . the aclu says it is "deeply troubled" by the images .
yevhen shakhov scored a late winner to earn dnipro a place in the europa league semi-finals . the super sub broke the deadlock in the final 10 minutes with a left-footed drive that took a slight deflection . dnipro set the record for most europa league games unbeaten after the stalemate took them to 11 without loss since the opening game of the group stage earlier this season .
locations in ceredigion, powys and pembrokeshire used to radicalise muslims . those involved 'take part in seemingly ordinary activities' but 'have ulterior motive' . incidents of islamic extremist activity in wales can be traced back to 1998 .
wigan were held to a 2-2 draw by fulham at craven cottage on friday . gary caldwell admitted his first taste of management was 'crazy' the latics boss only replaced malky mackay on wednesday .
great british bake off host sue perkins is favourite to replace clarkson . clarkson was sacked by the bbc after he struck and verbally abused producer . perkins is ahead of former x-factor presenter dermot o'leary and jodie kidd .
kerrie armitage, from leeds, suffers from aquagenic urticaria - an allergy to water . she was diagnosed after her skin erupted in agonising blisters in a rain storm . the 28-year-old has had to stop kissing her husband of four years, because the saliva on his lips can trigger a painful flare-up .
hafeez bhatti, 33, and his wife, khalida, 26, were abused by a middle-aged woman on a sydney train on wednesday afternoon . stacey eden, 23, overheard the ranter insulting the muslim couple as 'isis terrorists' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple . mr bhatti said he will be preparing a statement for queensland police so charges can be pressed once the woman is identified .
eight of united’s first-team squad and six from city are from spain or spanish-speaking countries . nine english-speakers are expected to be in the two sides’ respective 18-man squads . england internationals phil jones, michael carrick, ashley young, wayne rooney, joe hart, james milner as well as frank lampard .
cesc fabregas returned to emirates stadium for the first time since leaving for barcelona in 2011 . every fabregas touch was booed as he operated in the first half in a deep role alongside nemanja matic . chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates stadium on sunday .
asif malik, 31, his partner sara kiran, 29, their daughter zoha, seven, and their three sons essa, four, zakariva, two, and yahya, one, were all caught on cctv on a cross-channel ferry . they left their home in slough, berkshire, without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to relatives, it is claimed . police have warned that the muslim family may be heading to syria .
ana elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot as she was leaving a night class at the university of texas, pan american . the psychology graduate student, 27, was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the mexican border . she escaped the hands of her captors the following day unharmed and said she tried to keep in good spirits for much of the time she was kidnapped .
sheik joaan al thani signed up gregory benoist to race in france . treve will continue to be partnered by veteran thierry jarnet . dettori finished third on al shaqab’s moheet in yesterday’s novae bloodstock craven stakes at newmarket .
jeanetta riley, 35, a mother-of-three daughters was killed last july after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in sandpoint, idaho . the troubled native american woman, who was addicted to meth and alcohol, had been taken to the hospital by her husband, 44-year-old shane, following threats she made to kill herself . while parked outside bonner general hospital, she pulled a knife from under the car seat and was confronted by police before she was shot
christopher barry, 53, was stabbed twice in the chest by a 13-year-old boy . the boy became enraged when mr barry would not let him into block of flats . he and a group of friends returned to the wrong block to rejoin a party . the boy, who is a member of the wood green gang, has been jailed for 11 years .
shannah kennedy and lyndall mitchell are teaching their masterclass of wellness: the boardroom retreat to ceos and executives across australia . they teach skills such as dealing with stress, being aware of trains of thought, and accumulative mindfulness . 'wellness in the past has all been about the zen... but actually you can be wearing leather pants, and be zen,' shannah said .
anarda de la caridad perez friman, 37, found dead in gibraltar this week . she allegedly stabbed john joseph shannon, 31, and their six-week-old baby . police now believe perez friman, of cuban descent, is the culprit . mr shannon had initially been accused of killing the family . but police now believe perez friman suffered post-natal depression .
the merfin is a rubber monofin that mimics the experience of swimming like a mermaid . designer kazzie mahina spent years perfecting the product . the novelty swimming product is now available to buy in the uk .
spacecraft that lost contact with flight controllers will re-enter atmosphere in about a week . the progress resupply vehicle will come off its orbit and begin its combustion in the atmosphere . russia lost contact with progress 59 during a resupply mission to the international space station .
nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under, according to the internet watch foundation . that was a dramatic increase from the year before, when around two-thirds of the child porn it found featured children of such a young age . overall, experts from the internet watch foundation removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014 .
a youtube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer . the highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in imax theaters on monday . "batman v. superman: dawn of justice" will be released on march 25, 2016 .
michael carrick made his england debut against mexico in may 2001 . sir stanley matthews reached 22 years, 228 days, while carrick has played for england for 13 years, 310 days . carrick will be the first non-goalkeeper since sir stanley to have an international career spanning more than 15 years .
yoghurt maker yeo valley has been hailed as the world's best staff canteen . staff can tuck into fine-dining meal prepared by michelin-starred chef . most vegetables and fruit grown by community farm five miles away . meat comes from firm's own holt farm or local butchers .
the fire began at the general electric appliance park in louisville, kentucky . video shows smoke and bright orange flames .
david luiz should not play in central defence again, says glenn hoddle . former chelsea defender was nutmegged twice by luis suarez . luiz suffered a hamstring injury 10 days ago but hoddle believes he still showed his naivety even if he wasn't fully fit .
red-haired woman shot dead trying to attack police headquarters in istanbul . she was carrying a rifle, two hand grenades and one pistol, it said . tv footage showed police sealing off the street in aksaray neighbourhood . comes a day after turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz, 46, died in hospital after members of revolutionary people's liberation party-front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage .
tayfun korkut has been sacked by bundesliga club hannover . hannover have gone 13 games without a win this season . michael frontzek has been named as his successor .
lizzie cochran, a pre-med student at columbia university, came up with the idea for her upcoming fashion line epidemia designs . she used mirroring, photoshop and kaleidoscope effects to turn each biological subject into an eye-catching pattern that could be printed on fabric . the designs include scarves printed with rabies and chicken pox patterns, a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting polio, muscle cells and rabies .
tanguy pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the university of oregon, had a clear lead on rival meron simon, who competes for the university of washington . but a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate after pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy . gesture seemed to sap some of pepiot's momentum, opening the way for simon to speed towards the finish line .
jack grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide . grealish starred for aston villa in their fa cup semi-final win over liverpool . grealish is full of confidence and has a big future ahead of him .
patrick kluivert has helped curacao progress to the next stage of 2018 world cup qualification . curacao drew 2-2 in a second-leg match at montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate . kluivert's team won 2-1 on saturday in willemstad .
kfc's questionnaire contains a total of 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from 'strongly agree' to 'strongly disagree' the questions seek guidance as to how potential employees might react in workplace situations . kfc's human resources boss, robert phipps, assured it was designed to rank the thousands of applications which apply for jobs with the company . daily mail australia selected only negative answers, and received an email notifying them their application had been unsuccessful .
sister gertrud tiefenbacher's hands had been tied with a typewriter cord . a towel was placed over her face, causing her to suffocate and rape . her body was found by nuns at the sacred heart missionary in ixopo . police are waiting for results of forensic tests to confirm that she was sexually assaulted .
andrew danziger had close encounter between kansas and iowa in 1989 . aircraft captain said alien aircraft glowed bright red for around 30 seconds . recalled object flying in same direction for around 40 minutes before disappearing .
slow-moving reptile retreats into its shell before scuttling off across desert sands . curious cheetahs surrounded the tortoise and tried to scare it out with snarls . but tortoise kept well tucked up inside its tough exterior .
romeo beckham, 12, ran the london mini-marathon on sunday . father david, wife victoria and their two other sons brooklyn and cruz were there to cheer on romeo . it is the same three mile course where mo farah and triathlon champions alistair and jonny brownlee kick started their careers .
darren goddard 'cried himself to sleep' when he parted ways with son lewis in 1989 . six years earlier, he had moved to germany to pursue a career in the army . he met lewis' mother aggi, who he married two years later . three years ago, his daughter created a facebook page for him . mr goddard was about to delete the account when lewis' appeal appeared .
epiphany morgan and carl mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days . the sydney couple visited 35 countries and 70 cities as part of their project 365 docobites . with a strict budget of $40 a day, the couple set off to their first destination- the us- and landed in new york . epiphany, 23, left her job at a film production company to freelance . carl, 27, continued to work as a senior editor at an advertising agency .
michael vaughan has been heavily linked with the newly created role of director of england cricket . vaughan is currently in the west indies working as part of the bbc's commentary team . the former england skipper put the ultimate curse on alastair cook by praising him moments before he was dismissed . cook has struggled with the bat over the last year and lost the one day captaincy at the end of last year .
drone landed on roof of prime minister's residence in chiyoda-ku, tokyo . it was equipped with a small camera and a plastic bottle containing traces of a radioactive material . it is not known who flew the drone onto the building but it is widely suspected it was someone protesting against the country's nuclear policy .
french customs officials said the drugs were found in a suitcase that arrived at nice airport on a flight from the dominican republic . officials said 18 packages containing 46lbs of cocaine were stuffed inside a suitcase that was abandoned on the baggage carousel . officials are satisfied that the bag did not belong to the tourist and he had nothing to do with the drug smuggling attempt .
kellie cherie phillips, 38, and jondrew megil lachaux, 39, have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment case of three children in a north las vegas home . lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she took her other five children to oakland, california . the three-year-old girl was found dead in the back seat of a broken-down car in the garage of a north las vegas home . lachaux
238m passengers passed through british airports in 2014, just three million less than the pre-recession boom peak of 241m in 2007 . most passengers (144m) fly to europe which enjoyed a 5.4 per cent rise year on year in visitors from the uk . germany proved a more visited destination even than france and italy .
jon "bones" jones is wanted for questioning after a hit-and-run crash in new mexico . a pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries .
richard dysart played leland mckenzie in the acclaimed nbc drama "l.a. law" dysart was nominated for the emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years . he also played coach in the original 1972 broadway production of jason miller's "that championship season"
michelle heale, 46, of tom's river, new jersey, was babysitting mason hess in august 2012 when he began choking on applesauce . when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the youngster . heale sobbed uncontrollably and told her lawyer over-and-over: 'i didn't do it' she was placed in handcuffs and taken into custody to await her sentence next month .
the robshaw family sample insects in tonight's episode of bbc two's back for dinner . they eat mexican spiced cricket tacos, asian worm stir fry, buffalo worm tart and cricket kebabs . two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects .
angela merkel and her husband, chemistry professor joachim sauer, have been spending easter on island of ischia, near naples . the couple traditionally spend their easter at the five-star miramare spa hotel on the south of the island . prices start at £160 per night but can go up to £280 for some of the more expensive suites .
voters have suggested landmarks across exeter to fill the more expensive slots . but no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown slots . exeter has outdone previous cities to get their own board - including oxford, cambridge and york .
roy day, 29, and gerard lundie, 26, targeted 13 homes over four months . they stole £160,000 worth of luxury cars from homes across four counties . the pair were each jailed for five years and four months at birmingham crown court after they admitted once charge of conspiracy to commit burglary .
the rv flip has been used by the us office for naval research for 50 years . the 355-foot vessel sinks 300 feet below the surface allowing it to keep its position . it can be used for oceanography, meteorology and marine mammal observation .
england beat st kitts & nevis xi by 181 runs in first innings in st kitts . alastair cook and jonathan trott both scored runs for england . ben stokes took three wickets for 10 in a lively spell with the ball .
apes in south east asia produce soft 'hoos' that are almost inaudible to the human ear . scientists found the animals use whispers to communicate specific information to each other about predators, foraging and when meeting neighbours . researchers at wisconsin university in madison have been using computer algorithms to analyse the calls produced by the apes .
carl frampton has dismissed eddie hearn's offer to fight scott quigg . quigg offered £1.5m for a british super-fight via his promoter . frampton has branded the gesture a 'publicity stunt' and ridiculed it . click here for all the latest boxing news .
wladimir klitschko is the reigning ibf, wba, wbo and ibo heavyweight champion . klitschko says ukraine is suffering in the war with russia . he will fight american bryant jennings in new york on april 25 .
the 51-year-old new jersey native bought the soho pad in 2007 for $24million . the duplex comes with five bedrooms, five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens .
deanna robinson, of quinlan, texas, was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times in her back at her parents' home . she said deputies and state workers from child protective services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect . the video, which was posted to facebook and youtube, can be heard screaming 'let go, you know i'm pregnant' .
dvla scrapping paper licence that accompanies all uk plastic photocard licences . information about penalty points for traffic violations will be held only on database . motoring groups fear switch to online system will make it harder for car hire firms to check motorist's details .
arsenal striker olivier giroud won the barclays premier league player of the month award for march . giroud became france's 16th winner of the award . thierry henry, eric cantona and nicolas anelka also honoured .
harley jo skorpenske, a student at ohio state university, discovered the note after stopping at a cvs in cleveland, ohio . the note read: 'when you take a handicap spot, an actual disabled person suffers. you were not raised as you should have been' harley's mother corinna took to facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer, while also defending her daughter and her condition .
vital details of raf's base on the falklands were published on mod website . the aerodrome manual could have been used by argentina as an 'invasion guide' argentina described as a 'very live threat' by defence secretary michael fallon . the mod admitted the manual had been available on the internet but the link had been disabled .
stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected . protection against influenza a strain h3n2 and influenza b strain b/phuket . decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere as the vaccine was not a good match . high-risk groups - such as the very young and very old, and most indigenous australians - will be able to access free, government-funded flu shots from april 20 .
bill dudley has worked at mcdonald's in mold, flintshire, for nine years . he joined the team after growing 'bored' pottering around the house . his birthday was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away .
mehmet selim kiraz, 46, died after members of revolutionary party-front stormed courthouse in istanbul and took him hostage . they uploaded chilling images of kiraz with a gun pointed at his head to social media in the process . turkish court imposed the blocks yesterday because images of the siege were being shared on social media and 'deeply upset' wife and children . turkey has since threatened to block access to google unless images of the siege are removed from its search function .
laura scurr, 15, from whitley bay, developed anorexia two years ago . became obsessed with her weight and would hide food down the side of her bed . would lie to her mother about eating and surviving on just a piece of fruit a day . she collapsed at her family home and was rushed to intensive care . laura has spoken about the pressures put on young girls to be a 'size zero' .
video features australian doctor, known as abu yusuf al-australi . he is shown monitoring babies in a maternity unit and teaching another doctor how to care for the infant patients . physiologist in indian hospital also appears to be interviewed .
double falsehood was presented by theatre impresario lewis theobald in 1727 . he claimed it was a re-working of an original shakespeare play by the bard . but a new study of the play's language 'strongly identifies' theobald as the true author .
a fly swooped in to have a lick of a frozen beef steak in new zealand . the fly is initially captured enjoying itself as it fastens its tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste . satisfied, it then goes to fly away when suddenly it notices that it is stuck and a sense of panic sets in . the video was recorded in auckland, new zealand .
refugees and those applying for asylum do not have to reveal criminal history . transport for london rules say people coming to britain will not be required to have criminal convictions checked . those from outside the eu who have spent more than three months abroad must provide a 'letter of good conduct' from their home country .
wylie brys was digging with his dad, tim brys, in september at a construction site near a mansfield, texas, grocery store when he made the discovery . the pair had been finding fish vertebrae, but when wylie came back with the bone, brys asked him to take him to where he found it . scientists from southern methodist university have helped a dallas zookeeper and his 5-year-old son excavate the fossil .
julian zelizer: obama has argued with elizabeth warren, calling her "wrong" on trade policy . zelizer: what everyone does next will be critical for the 2016 elections and the future of democratic politics .
cle 'bone' sloan says suge knight growled 'i'm going to kill you' before 'everything went black' sloan says knight then yanked on gear stick and uttered threat . claims he then rammed over terry carter and tried to kill cle 'bone' sloan . knight has denied killing carter and trying to kill sloan on january 18 .
malcolm turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of the gq australia may issue which hits newsstands on monday 20 april . the minister for communications confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for prime minister if tony abbott had been successfully toppled in february's leadership spill . his appearance in the magazine has sparked criticism and accusations that the minister if fishing for votes .
ansar beit al-maqdis, an isis affiliate, claims responsibility for the attack . the military announces a reshuffle of several senior military positions .
sale sharks lost 25-23 to irish sharks at the madejski stadium . tom arscott scored a brace of tries for sale . danny cipriani kicked two penalties and a conversion .
cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in panama . u.s. ambassador: "we have really big issues with the cubans that do need to be solved"
turkish airlines flight from milan to istanbul made an emergency landing . plane's right landing gear collapsed forcing pilot to abort the first attempt . passengers evacuated safely and no injuries reported .
elijah overcomer, 26, left gloriavale, a commune of about 500 on new zealand's west coast, with his wife, rosanna, 29, and their children in march 2013 . shortly after their departure, the family watched the 2004 psychological thriller the village, by m. night shyamalan . mr overcomer said the film was a 'good comparison with our community', especially in their views of the greater world .
carole middleton emailed customers of her party pieces firm yesterday . she recommended the chevron divine tablewear range for parents-to-be . mrs middleton, 60, has previously been accused of cashing in after daughter kate married prince william .
youtube user, micahmedia, has uploaded a video demonstrating the simplest and swiftest way to peel a hard-boiled egg . he pops the egg into a small tumbler glass before filling it quarter of the way with tap water . the 28-second video currently has over 16million views on the video-sharing website .
anthony martinez, 18, had reached his wits' end trying to find a suitor for his may 2 dance in nevada . he tuned to social media and was over-joyed when his straight guy friend, jacob lescenski, stepped in to fill the spot . lescenski greeted martinez with a huge pink banner reading: 'you're hella gay, i'm hella str8, but you're like my brother, so be my d8?' .
hundreds of decomposed corpses were discovered buried in shallow graves in damasak . the town had recently been freed from the boko haram terror group .
emmanuel adebayor was dragged off the pitch at aston villa on november 2 . the 31-year-old has since pocketed £3.4million in wages at tottenham . adebayor has scored 41 goals in 106 games for spurs .
the 17-year-old driver lost control of her mitsubishi lancer on thursday night . she collided with a wheelie bin and crashed head-on into a brick wall . the driver sustained serious injuries to her limbs, forehead and abdomen . a 17-year-old female passenger suffered multiple fractures to her limbs, ribs and serious injuries to her abdomen . three other passengers were taken to gosford district hospital in a stable condition .
12-tonne bus broke down en route to stagecoach depot in dover, kent . unlucky driver had to ask passengers, colleagues and locals for help . seven proactive members of public and bus company workers teamed up . they managed to roll bus through streets and on to local depot .
unusual 'apocalyptic' dust storm, known in arabic as a haboob, struck belarus, turning day to night . china has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year .
liverpool have become the first premier league club to release their new kit for the 2015-16 season . reds have had their kit manufactured by warrior for three seasons . sportsmail picks its five favourite strips from over the years .
ashish thakkar is the first african to sign up for the opportunity to travel to space . the ugandan tycoon started small with a computer shop at 15 . his mara group spans over 20 countries and he's been called "africa's youngest billionaire"
scientists at the rockefeller university in new york believe a new hiv antibody therapy could pave the way for an hiv vaccine . clinical trials revealed the treatment resulted in a 300-fold decrease in the amount of hiv in sufferers' blood . the antibody was designed by researchers to block the key viral protein receptor that is needed to infect human blood cells .
divock origi signed for liverpool in a £10million deal after impressing at the 2014 world cup in brazil . the belgium international has been loaned back to lille for the 2014-15 season . origi said the progress of jordon ibe and raheem sterling has heightened his excitement at joining liverpool .
the 500ft-long oryol caught fire at zvezdochka shipyard in severodvinsk . defence sources said the submarine's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out . the submarine's dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire .
pablo osvaldo has urged andrea pirlo and francesco totti to join him at boca juniors . osvaldo has scored three goals in six games since joining from southampton . pirlo has established himself as one of the best midfielders in world football .
saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite houthi rebels . prince alwaleed bin talal has reportedly promised to give each of the 100 pilots involved in the month long raids a free bentley . he has an estimated fortune of $23 billion and investments in london's savoy hotel, apple, citigroup and news corp .
kendall schler finished a st. louis marathon third last year and was the female winner of it this year . schler claims to have removed both the magnetic strips meant to record her times from her race . since no photographs of her were taken along the way there is no proof she is the rightful winner . her finish time that qualified her to run in monday's boston marathon has now been erased, and her spot in the event has been vacated .
last month's average temperature was 56.4°f (13.6°c) - 1.5°f (0.85°c) above the average for the 20th century . this was the highest march on record, surpassing the previous record of 2010 by 0.09°f (0.05°c) scientists blame the heat on el ni ⁇ o and climate change . el ni ⁇ o is caused by a shift in the distribution of warm water in the pacific ocean .
the pdsa has warned that obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high . around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight . carots were named as the worst culprits for bunny obesity .
wladimir klitschko takes on bryant jennings in new york on saturday . tyson fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion . fury hopes to lure klitschko to england in the autumn .
the 40-second-clip was recorded at the ngorongoro conservation area in tanzania . the man makes an attempt to scare the baboons away but is forced to retreat . the monkey re-emerges and carries snacks in both its hands and its mouth .
kevin sinfield will join yorkshire carnegie at the end of the season . former england captain has been warned he will be a 'target' sinfield has led leeds rhinos to six super league titles and three world club challenges .
passengers risk being kicked off the flight if they try to sneak alcohol in . ryanair refused to explain the reason behind its decision . follows a handful of incidents involving boorish behaviour .
robert kirkland died on saturday morning in union city, tennessee, from complications stemming from kidney failure . kirkland founded kirkland's home decor stores with his cousin carl in 1966 . he donated the money to find the discovery park of america education center and tourist attraction in tennessee . kirkland's expanded into a chain of more than 300 locations in 35 states .
aaron cruden has ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee . the all blacks fly-half will be out for at least six weeks . cruden has started 15 tests for the world champions in the last two years . england lock joe launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback in wasps’ premiership clash with leicester on may 9 .
tonny vilhena is keen to leave feyenoord this summer . ronald koeman is also monitoring his team-mate jordy clasie . koeman is also looking to make eljero elia's loan move permanent .
actor posted on social media that a 'benjamin cole' of georgia lived in georgia on his mom's side about six generations back . affleck appeared on finding your roots and learned one of his ancestors was a slave owner . he pushed the network to remove that information from the program . but the admission suggests affleck may have more than one slave-owning ancestor .
elliot kear has spent most of the year playing rugby union for london welsh . the welsh international left bradford at the end of last season . kear will be available for sunday's home game against dewsbury .
a man identified as felix david, 24, was shot by police on saturday afternoon . he was being arrested at a halfway house for the mentally ill in the east village . sources said that david grabbed an officer's radio and hit him over the head . two officers involved in the incident suffered head injuries that are not considered serious .
food52's 'not sad desk lunch' series demonstrates just how simple it can be to bring healthy lunches to work . easy-to-assemble options include cheese, crackers and charcuterie . if you're vegetarian, swap meat for pickled vegetables and you're good to go .
kim woodward has been appointed head chef at the famous venue . follows in footsteps of a string of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen . auguste escoffier was installed by hotel manager césar ritz when the savoy first opened in 1889 .
morgan geyser, 12, and her friend anissa weier, 13, are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on payton leutner, who survived 19 stab wounds in waukesha in may 2014 . geyser's attorney, anthony cotton, applied to have her $500,000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders . however the judge said geyser was a flight risk, and even though she is young, she was
robert knowles, 68, from plymouth, first broke the law when he was 13 . he has been in court at least once a year since 1959 . the pensioner has clocked up in the region of 350 offences . he pleaded guilty to stealing a watch and a pair of cuff links worth £50 .
eritrean refugees tell how they were forced to deny faith or face death . 19-year-old tells mailonline: 'we are christians but we had to deny our faith' he and brother samuel arrived in sicily a week ago, just days before 900 people died when their boat capsized during the same dangerous journey from libya . tens of thousands of migrants are fleeing libya as extremists take advantage of the political chaos .
syriza party says germany owes greece nearly 279billion euros . demand comes just days before greece is obliged to pay 450million euros of its debt to the imf .
framed photographs of sir bobby robson's title-chasing side found . newcastle fans upset by finding pictures thrown in a skip outside st james' park . a spokesperson for the club said the images were ‘old and not being used anymore’ .
the iowa board of chiropractic released a report wednesday detailing charges against charles manuel, of lamoni . manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years . manuel recommended patients stop taking medication he prescribed to them .
kevin pietersen was dismissed for 19 on his lv= county championship return . surrey reached 363/3 on day one of the first test at swalec stadium . kumar sangakkara scored a century as surrey reached 363/3 on day one .
the slain border guard is identified as cpl. salman ali yahya al-maliki . houthi rebels seize the presidential palace in the southern yemeni port city of aden . yemeni special forces loyal to former president ali abdullah saleh arrive in aden .
neymar scored twice as barcelona beat psg at the nou camp . the brazilian embarrassed fellow countryman david luiz . rik sharma sorted the best from the rest during the champions league clash .
chris hardman, aka lil chris, died on march 23 in lowestoft, suffolk . coroner peter dean told inquest a friend found his body hanged at home . he said paramedics and police were called but attempts at resuscitation failed . mr hardman had struggled with depression and was determined to find a cure .
robert bates, 73, charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris during a botched sting on april 2 . memo from internal police inquiry revealed colleagues expressed concerns about bates when he arrived at the tulsa sheriff's office . memo suggested the department violated training policies when they employed bates .
five years after the deepwater horizon oil rig disaster, it's time to ask: what have we learned? and what are we willing to do to make sure it doesn't happen again?
just a quarter of voters think david cameron is hungriest to win the election . 43% of voters think ed miliband 'comes across as wanting to win the most' . mr cameron insists he is working 'bloody hard' to secure a majority . snp leader nicola sturgeon judged to be enjoying the campaign .
ann rule, 84, has been in declining health since breaking her hip in 2013 . son andrew rule, 54, is accused of bullying her into giving him $23,327 . michael rule, 51, is accused of forging his mother's signature on her checks . prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from ann rule, and the two sons are set to appear in court on april 30 .
becca litchfield, 29, and partner dale, 30, were desperate for a family . they sacrificed their dream wedding in order to have one last shot at ivf . weeks later they won a wedding contest which allowed them to finally get married . becca gave birth to twins darci-mai and stanley .
launching poster campaign showing nicola sturgeon manipulating a puppet labour leader . chairman grant shapps said: ‘nicola sturgeon would pull the strings and demand weaker defences, more spending and unaffordable welfare handouts'
labour leader will insist he offers a 'clear, credible and concrete plan' hours before election speech, shadow home secretary refused four times to say labour would put a target on net immigration . during labour’s 13 years in power, the foreign-born population rocketed by 3.6million .
real madrid face atletico madrid at vicente calderon on tuesday night . reigning champions have failed to beat atletico in six attempts this season . carlo ancelotti's side have lost both la liga matches against atletico .
the pilot scheme is launching in munich next month and amazon has teamed up with audi and dhl to run the initiative . prime customers selected for the trial will be given the option to pinpoint the location of their car on a map in delivery options . once ordered, a dhl delivery driver will receive a temporary digital access code . this code gives the driver keyless access to the boot of the car . as soon as the boot is closed the vehicle is locked automatically, and the code is revoked .
patrick and valerie jubb bought bed and breakfast in jimena de la frontera . but town hall ruled the alterations, including a swimming pool, were illegal . the jubbs say they have done nothing wrong but face losing the estate .
siobhan o'dell, 17, from north carolina, had applied to duke in march . but on march 26 she was sent a letter saying she had failed to make the grade . she refused to take no for an answer and sent an email to the admissions office . she said: 'you simply did not meet my qualifications. i regret to inform you that i am unable to accept your refusal to offer me admission into the fall 2015 freshman class at duke'
teana walsh, an assistant prosecutor in detroit, posted unhinged post . suggested baltimore police should shoot protesters who are throwing rocks . walsh said seeing protesters throw rocks led her to conclusion they should be shot . she later deleted the post, but local attorneys recorded and shared it . walsh is paid by michigan taxpayers to pursue justice in maryland .
the 34-year-old beauty was seen walking for colcci during s ⁇ o paulo fashion week in her native brazil . the mother-of-two has announced she's retiring from the runway .
rio ferdinand started the first seven matches of qpr's premier league campaign . the 36-year-old has played just five times since the start of october . ferdinand was forced to watch on from the sidelines as rangers claimed a potentially crucial point away to aston villa on tuesday night . he posted a twitter picture of a pile of chicken bones after lunch at his mum's .
bryan santana, 20, of orlando, florida, was found guilty of first-degree murder on thursday . he choked shelby fazio, 23, in a headlock before strangling her with a knife . santana then killed and mutilated fazio's dog, and wrote 'i'm not sorry for what i did' on the wall . fazio's family cried in their seats as the verdict was handed down .
brynn johnson lost her 17-month-old daughter, rowyn, in september last year . cassie miller was in her car picking up brynn's son for preschool in tenino, washington, when she accidentally ran over rowyn with her car . brynn forgave cassie for what happened, acknowledging what happened as a horrific accident . the women started a charity initiative called raise for rowyn, which raises money for families who have experienced child tragedies .
woman forced elderly man to kneel in street after he knocked her phone out of her hand . video filmed at an undisclosed location in china has since gone viral . she demanded that he pay her back on the spot, despite promise .
the evolo magazine skyscraper competition was established in 2006 to recognise 'outstanding ideas for vertical living' the first place in this year's contest was awarded to a team of polish designers for its project essence skyscraper . the main body of the building is divided into 11 natural landscapes including open floor plans, water floors, fish tanks lifted up to 98 feet (30 metres) above ground, and jungle areas . a jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions from 480 global entries .
the perfect dog has the body size of a border collie, the ears of a king charles spaniel and the tail of an irish setter . a third of owners want their dog to have a 'short-haired' and 'low maintenance' coat - like an english bulldog . labrador nose is the most favourable, beating the elongated snout of a collie .
tabitha anne bennett allegedly encouraged her daughter to fight another girl . she allegedly drove her daughter to meet the girl in new port richey, florida . two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones . bennett, who is unemployed, was arrested and charged with child abuse, assault and battery offenses .
benik afobe opened the scoring for wolves in the 46th minute . bakary sako doubled wolves' advantage in the 72nd minute . afobe was loaned to mk dons and sold to wolves .
tunnel could be built under mount everest as part of new railway plans . china plans to expand qinghai to tibet railway 'at nepal's request' by 2020 . move shows beijing building links with nepal, a country india regards as firmly within its sphere of influence .
warning: graphic content . deputies chased after eric harris, 44, in tulsa, oklahoma, on april 2 . they tackled him to ground and ordered him to lie on stomach . robert bates, 73, then yelled, 'taser! taser!' - but pulled trigger . after firing one round into harris, he says: 'oh, i shot him! i'm sorry'
judy and jerry sheindlin have been married for 38 years - all told . judy revealed that while she has a raft of hon o rs scattered around her home, she doesn't keep any of them in the bedroom . but her husband jerry chimed in to dispute her claim . 'she just gave me an award last night. i just don't understand this. i'm going to have to talk to her about that,' he said .
virginia trimble ritter's daughter, marcia, was raped and choked to death by jerome sydney barrett in 1975 . barrett was found guilty of second-degree murder six years ago and a davidson county criminal court jury imposed a sentence of 44 years . marcia's body was found 33 days after she disappeared . ritter's then-husband advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos .
"amy: the girl behind the name" is set for uk release on july 3 . winehouse, known for her bluesy voice, bouffant hairdo and numerous tattoos, struggled publicly with drugs and alcohol . she died from alcohol poisoning at the age of 27 on july 23, 2011 .
chris rowe, 31, was plagued by a persistent cough for six months . he visited doctors five times in two months, but was told he was most likely suffering a virus . but after coughing up more blood, he was taken to a&e where an x-ray revealed a tumour on his lung . the aggressive form of lung cancer had spread to his liver and bones . he has been told his cancer is inoperable but is undergoing chemotherapy to prolong his life so he can create memories with his young family .
rajpal singh, 34, from punjab, india, complained of stomach ache . he had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and nuts and bolts over three years . he also gulped down screws, nails and magnets . doctors were amazed when an endoscopy revealed hundreds of foreign objects inside mr singh's stomach . he said his bizarre habit began after he fell into a depression .
newcastle face liverpool at anfield in the premier league on monday . john carver says his players have a point to prove against the reds . the magpies have lost four in a row and fallen into relegation danger .
princess salwa aga khan, 44, has given birth to a boy named prince irfan . supermodel kendra spears, 26, married prince rahim aga khan in 2013 . jordanian royals have also made a habit of marrying americans .
russian president vladimir putin said russia has key interests in common with the united states and needs to work with it on a common agenda . relations between moscow and washington, and other western powers, have soured over the conflict in russia's neighbor ukraine, sinking to an all-time low . putin has in the past fiercely attacked the united states . and the west in general, blaming them for the ukraine crisis .
juan arango bit jesus zavala on the shoulder during tijuana's 4-3 win over monterrey . arango's tijuana side are top of the mexican league table . zavala later posted a photo of the bit mark on social media .
thor dalhaug died an hour after birth after difficult delivery, coroner rules . junior surgeon tried to deliver baby using forceps in 'unacceptable' way . senior managers at lincoln county hospital removed forceps from account . parents say hospital behaved 'appallingly' over their son's death in 2013 .
barcelona will offer £50m for juventus midfielder paul pogba . chelsea are their only realistic transfer rivals for the frenchman . pogba would have to be loaned back to juve until 2016-17 .
sam allardyce confirms winston reid will be fit for leicester city clash . reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring in a 1-0 defeat by chelsea on march 4 . enner valencia missed west ham's last two games with a bizarre toe injury .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao at the mgm grand on may 2 . the heavyweight has been slammed for saying he is superior to muhammad ali . mayweather said he respects all the great champions of the past . but he was soft-spoken during his conference call with pacquiao . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
david serbeck, 42, was shot and paralyzed in july 2009 by reginald campos, who suspected serbeck of aggressively following his daughter . campos' daughter and the 17-year-old victim were not the same girl . serbeck was found guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison . serbeck's attorneys say the jury gave her client a long sentence after being led to believe he was shot while out looking for more girls to exploit .
police scotland's edinburgh division posted pictures of lego figures on facebook . move to raise awareness of crime has received a backlash from victims . break-ins in edinburgh rose by 38.7% in the 12 months to april 2014 .
ken broskey, 69, of livonia, michigan, has been diagnosed with stage 4 oropharyngeal cancer and has taken a job as an uber driver . this so he can earn enough money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and grandchildren can have his house . uber has donated $5,000 to broskey, and is also donating $1 to a gofundme campaign set up for him for every rider who requests a car before monday .
model contains more than 30,000 figures, and illustrates all the key moments of the battle which allowed the duke of wellington to defeat napoleon's forces . it was built in the 1970s, but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory just in time for the battle's bicentenary . the 25sq/m model has 21,500 soldiers and 10,000 horses, illustrating not just the major military events of the battle .
kevin pietersen is england's ninth most successful wicket taker of all-time . pietersen has rejoined surrey in the hope of earning a place in the ashes squad . darren gough says pietersen only has a small chance of returning for england .
ali williams scores late try as toulon beat wasps in champions cup . nathan hughes and christian wade both miss out through injury . tries from bastareaud, williams and ashley johnson secure win .
restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield, 79, claims living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life . he moved to hobart to set up a baroque music festival, but decided to relocate back to new south wales after the tasmanian government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent . mr schofield said his daughters recognised that the battle he was waging with the tasmanian government took a toll on him .
elton john and rem michael stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates . the justice department said prison officials must treat an inmate's gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition . a lawsuit was filed against georgia department of corrections officials on behalf of ashley diamond, a transgender woman .
avril lavigne tells people magazine that she was bedridden for five months after contracting lyme disease . "i felt like i couldn't breathe, i couldn't talk, and i couldn't move," she tells people .
davy mcgregor was injured while playing for heriot's racing club . the hooker was caught by an opponent's hip or shorts . mcgregor took to twitter to show off his battle scars .
raheem sterling has rejected a contract worth £100,000-a-week . liverpool boss brendan rodgers has insisted sterling will not be sold . but sportsmail looks at five possible transfer destinations for sterling .
arsenal face burnley at turf moor in the premier league on saturday . arsene wenger has challenged his squad to put any dreams of a late charge for the barclays premier league to bed . the gunners have won 15 of their last 17 matches in all competitions . chelsea are currently seven points clear at the top of the table .
isaac buckley and brandon barker scored in manchester city's 3-0 win over leicester city at the king power stadium on wednesday . city will face chelsea in the first leg on april 20 before travelling to stamford bridge a week later on april 27 . charlie oliver gave leicester a first half lead before charlie nemane equalised for the visitors .
alessandra ambrosio stars in campaign for online fashion retailer dafiti . brazilian model, 34, is no. 8 on forbes list of top-earning models . stars in campaign wearing sexy and sporty street-style fashion .
amir khan has admitted he does not know who he will fight on may 30 . khan announced chris algieri as his opponent last week . kell brook has rejected the chance to fight khan at wembley in june .
thai monkey snatches banana from woman's hand before slapping gopro . monkey gets right up to lens and gives it a smack .
three ferguson, missouri, police officers resigned or were fired in connection with the emails . the exchanges were discovered during a u.s. justice department investigation of racial prejudice .
comedian sarah silverman is encouraging women to understand their worth and ask for equal pay in a new levo league campaign . the 44-year-old recalls a time when she was paid $10 for a stand-up routine, when a man who performed the same amount of time earned $60 . on average, women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men .
jurgen klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . the colourful coach has been linked with liverpool and arsenal . klopp was immediately installed as the bookmakers' favourite to replace manuel pellegrini at manchester city .
doug hughes, 61, steered his tiny aircraft through protected washington airspace for 30 miles to the capitol . security tracked hughes as he approached the capitol last week after taking off from gettysburg, pennsylvania . a 'judgment call' was made not to shoot hughes down, chaffetz said . hughes' stunt was aimed at drawing attention to campaign finance reform .
kevin toner is out of contract at aston villa at the end of the summer . norwich, leicester, newcastle and stoke are tracking the defender . toner captains villa's under-21 side at the age of just 18 .
daniel p. finney, 39, of iowa, started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month . he has chronicled his weight loss journey for the des moines register .
huddersfield face catalans dragons in the super league on sunday . the giants have lost all three games over the easter holiday period . paul anderson is hoping to kick-start his side's misfiring attack .
maxine fohounhedo, 30, was charged in december with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an uberx ride . the 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride with fohounhedo . she alleged that she eventually woke up in fohounhedo's apartment as he was having sex with her . fohounhedo's attorney claims the woman made a pass at his client when 
kyrie irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as cleveland cavaliers beat boston celtics 113-100 on sunday . lebron james chipped in with 20 points as the cavs took a 1-0 lead in their best of seven-game series . los angeles beat san antonio spurs 107-92 in their first-round playoff series opener .
tortoiseshell mimi became an internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing volleyball to facebook . the 30-second-video was shared by thousands around the world . mimi is seen playing volleyball with 15-year-old joshua teague .
sarah thomas, 41, will be a line judge for the 2015 season . she was in the league's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps last year . 'i am a female, but i don't look at myself as just a female,' thomas said last june while working a cleveland browns minicamp .
eddie howe is the man who has got bournemouth buzzing . the 37-year-old is peaceful during a game, relaxed, quiet and controlled . howe is the opposite to mourinho - he is peaceful during a game . bournemouth are dynamic, full of hungry players, with a point to prove . matt ritchie is a contender for my ‘10 to watch’ for next season .
lucas dropped plans for a lucasfilm ltd studio in california in 2012 . he has now submitted a proposal to build a community of 224 low-income families on his grady ranch estate in marin county, california . the star wars director's lawyers say he has the right to choose who lives there . but his representatives insist the project is not a form of retaliation .
celebrated body-building competitor phil primmer died after collapsing on thursday . the darwin man, aged just 42, had just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died . he was given cpr but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived . phil leaves behind his wife and two children, including son shannan and his young daughter miami . he won the 2012 and 2013 national amateur body building association’s southern hemisphere championships in the men’s class two division .
radamel falcao has struggled to find his best form for chelsea this season . the colombian forward has scored just once in the premier league this campaign . falcao has scored just once in the premier league this campaign . the colombian has scored just once in the premier league this campaign .
man shot himself at universal studios in hollywood, california, on friday . he was standing in a smoking area behind despicable me minion mayhem ride . la sheriff's department say they found him dead of a self-inflicted gunshot .
tim farron accused by dead man's widow of 'betrayal' over councillor's death . jo stephenson jumped from roof while suffering 'intense stress', inquest found . deputy leader of cumbria county council fell from three-storey property . mr stephenson initially survived fall and told paramedics he intended to kill himself .
married father-of-one maajid nawaz asked for two private sessions at east london club . footage shows prospective parliamentary candidate attempting to touch her arms and thighs . staff said nawaz had been pestering the girl all night and his actions had been 'outrageous'
corporal mark donaldson vc, one of australia's most decorated soldiers, was awarded the victoria cross for his bravery in afghanistan . he revealed in 2013 how four years earlier he had been a member of an elite special air services unit ordered to assassinate a taliban warlord . the taliban warlord codenamed javelin had boasted that he would kill prince harry . harry is headed for his final tour of duty in the elite sa
lindsey vonn spoke about her relationship with tiger woods on the late night with seth meyers . vonn has been dating woods since 2013 and has become close with his children . vonn credits tiger with helping her recover from a knee injury that kept her out of 2014 world championships .
london estate agents were invited to value a house in a viral video . the enfield haunting was part of sky living's upcoming three-part drama . the pranks were rigged with cameras, microphones and booby traps .
fc rostov defender ivan novoseltsev proposed to girlfriend katerina keyru . novoseltsev got down on one knee after fc rostov's win against torpedo moscow . the 23-year-old placed a ring on keyru's finger before kissing and hugging her .
pm let bbc film him preparing lunch at his home in his oxfordshire constituency . this weekend he was pictured at breakfast with wife samantha and their three children .
dr christopher valentine, 52, was sacked from a sexual health clinic . he was hauled before the general medical council nine years ago for photographing half-naked male and female patients without consent . but he was not struck off and went to work at an nhs service for drug addicts . a nurse saw images of a semi-naked man on his ipod touch during a night out . he told her the image was of a patient’s heroin injection site, tribunal heard .
james oliver, 48, was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by linda currier, 53 . police report that they found oliver in the driveway of a home in noblesboro, maine, on saturday night . they said that the pair had argued inside the home after currier caught him allegedly trying to sexually assault the young girl . currier was arrested for operating under the influence and aggravated assault - she was later released on bail pending a court appearance .
isa richardson made a 12-year-old hand over the last 15p of her pocket money . homeless beggar claimed she needed money because her car had broken down . the schoolgirl, who has not been named, said she felt intimidated by richardson . richardson has a history of begging and a number of outstanding fines . she admitted her latest offence at maidstone magistrates court .
german study of 1,302 couples found men do just two hours of housework a day . this almost doubles to 3.9 hours when they retire from the workforce . but men are still lagging behind their stay-at-home female partners .
kim pappas, 25, gave birth in her office toilet in wyandotte, michigan . then went to the bathroom to deliver the boy - but nobody knew she was pregnant . two employees went to the restroom, which was covered in blood . returning to the office they saw traces of blood on pappas' clothing . returned to find the lifeless infant wrapped up at her feet . pappas has been charged with premeditated murder .
england beat championship leaders south africa 21-14 in tokyo final . phil burgess, charlie hayter and tom mitchell scored tries for england . victory is their first since wellington sevens in february 2013 .
celtic lost 3-2 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . virgil van dijk scored celtic's opener in the scottish cup semi-final . ronny deila's side can reopen an eight-point lead over aberdeen .
cesc fabregas returns to arsenal on sunday in the blue of chelsea . arsene wenger wants fabregas to be shown 'respect' for the club's former players . but a decent chunk of arsenal's supporters feel fabregas doesn't deserve much . wenger was at his cryptic best on thursday when asked if it was his call to not take up an option he had to re-sign the spaniard .
loo version of iron throne was built by a team of top hollywood prop makers . it took several days to be completed by youtube show super fan builds . loo was presented to self-confessed game of thrones geek john giovanazzi .
astronomers have used a telescope in new mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years . the first image was taken with the karl g. jansky very large array in new mexico in 1996 . the second image was taken by an international team led by the national autonomous university of mexico last year . it shows how the outflow of material from the star has dramatically expanded as it takes shape .
the closures include heald college campuses in california, hawaii and oregon, as well as everest and wyotech schools in california, arizona and new york . corinthian was one of the country's largest for-profit educational institutions . it collapsed last summer amid a cash shortage and fraud allegations and its closures are believed to be the biggest shutdown in the history of us higher education .
sarah brady died of pneumonia, her family says . she was involved in gun violence prevention for the past 30 years .
joss labadie has been banned for six months for biting ronnie henry . the dagenham midfielder was charged with violent conduct by the fa . labadie was banned for 10 matches and fined £2,000 for biting ollie banks .
diafra sakho came off after 58 minutes of saturday's 1-1 draw with stoke . the west ham striker was sent for scans on monday amid fears he may have a minor tear . senegal international has scored 12 goals this season .
planes coming from south-east asian countries are being routinely fumigated before luggage is removed . the exotic mosquito aedes aegypti is responsible for an annual outbreak of dengue in north queensland . the blood suckers were discovered in the international baggage terminal on february 17, march 30 and again on march 31 . in february authorities were forced to step up bio security at perth, adelaide and brisbane airports after exotic mosquitoes were found in cargo holds .
obama: "this framework would cut off every pathway that iran could take to develop a nuclear weapon" iran would reduce its stockpile of low-enriched uranium by 98% . the united states and the european union would lift sanctions that have crippled iran's economy .
andreja pejic, 23, was born in bosnia-herzegovina and emigrated to melbourne, australia . she underwent gender-confirmation surgery last year and is now a face of make up for ever .
chelsea beat leicester city 2-1 at stamford bridge on sunday . john terry scored the only goal of the game from close range . victory will hand chelsea their first league crown since 2010 .
celtic lost 1-0 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . joe miller scored the only goal of the game after josh meekings blocked leigh griffiths' shot . rangers legend john brown says celtic have a case of 'sour grapes' .
the u.s. military says it has made great progress in developing a self-steering bullet . the "smart bullets" passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date . the bullets are .50-caliber projectiles equipped with optical sensors .
gareth bale heads the list of those who have spent time in anywhere between the second and fourth tier of english football . kasper schmeichel has been named in three team(s) of the season with leicester . ashley williams has risen from league one to the premier league with swansea city .
at least 18 people have died in an avalanche on mount everest caused by a powerful 7.8 magnitude earthquake in nepal . the avalanche buried part of base camp raising fears for the safety of hundreds of climbers who are in the area . a number of britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake .
after months of grey skies and miserable weather, the sun is out . if you are looking to celebrate the wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip, there are lots of places to try . lidos, which are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration, are a good first port of call .
hillary clinton announced she's running for president . john avlon: we've long called clinton by her first name, and her first name only .
iran's military held its annual army day parade this weekend . rouhani has praised the military as peacemakers for the middle east .
sarah harper was in a relationship with christopher lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of duncan in august 2013 . lane was born in melbourne, australia, but was in the united states on a baseball scholarship when chancey allen luna, 17, allegedly murdered him . harper sat and listened to the forensic pathologist who performed the autopsy on him, claiming only a 'miracle' would have saved the talented sportsman .
libyan prison head admits there is no system in place to send these people home . about one-third of the migrants are from eritrea on the east coast of africa .
manchester city have met jurgen klopp to assess him for the manager’s job . but it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for roberto mancini . txiki begiristain, city’s director of football, concluded that klopp was not the right fit for city – and the club went on to appoint manuel pellegrini .
malky mackay was appointed as wigan athletic manager in november 2014 . sportsmail revealed in august mackay was being investigated over 'sexist, racist, homophobic and anti-semitic' texts with former cardiff city colleague iain moody . mackay failed to secure a single win at home in six months in charge . the scot's tenure came to an end on monday after a 2-0 defeat by derby county .
sally gordon-smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in keilor east around 3pm on friday . she was described by police as caucasian, 150cm tall, with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair . police confirmed she was still missing early on saturday morning, and were concerned for ms gordon-smith because of her age .
the new south china mall in dongguan is the biggest shopping mall in the world . opened in 2005, the mall was classified by industry analysts as a "dead mall" the mall spans five million square feet of shopping area, making it the largest in the world .
calls for criminal charges to be brought over extraordinary cover-up . staff deliberately obstructing investigation into payment protection insurance complaints . deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like customer was never sold ppi .
zuriel oduwole is a 12-year-old filmmaker from california . she has made four documentaries, all of which focus on african issues . oduwole is self-taught and uses online editing and voice software .
saudi military official: airstrikes have decimated houthis' central command . rebel leader: "anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming"
"star wars: episode vii -- the force awakens" premiered at an event in anaheim, california . the audience was rapturous to see harrison ford back in character as han .
the association of professional flight attendants has slammed nicole kidman for her new ad campaign with etihad airways . in an open letter to kidman, the union representing 25,000 flight attendants wrote the sponsorship deal was at odds with kidman's role as a united nations women's goodwill ambassador . etihad has rejected the allegation, arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline's top priorities .
novak djokovic beat john isner 7-6 (3), 6-2 to reach miami open final . djokovic will face andy murray in sunday's final . murray defeated tomas berdych 6-4, 6-4 .
obama's iran diplomacy has his conservative critics fired up, and things could get even more interesting in the week ahead . hillary clinton has leased her headquarters space in brooklyn and will soon make her campaign official .
rump, fillet and t-bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out . but when cooking at home the majority of us rely on burgers or mince . a fifth of 18-34-year-olds find larger cuts of beef daunting to cook .
juventus beat monaco 1-0 in the champions league quarter-final first leg . gianluigi buffon (37), giorgio chiellini (30), stefan lichtsteiner (30), patrice evra (33), andrea pirlo (35) and carlos tevez (31) all started for the serie a giants .
paul aldridge will leave sheffield wednesday at the end of next season . adam pearson and glenn roeder will work alongside head coach stuart gray . chairman dejphon chansiri said the trio would form a 'three-man sporting director by committee'
kamron taylor, 23, was set to be sentenced in may for the murder of a correctional officer . taylor beat up the guard, put on his uniform and took his keys, the sheriff says .
manchester city are four points clear of liverpool in the champions league . city have lost four of their past six premier league games and five in 2015 . they have gone from champions to contenders to weak also-rans . city have two wins, three defeats and three draws in eight games against the rest of the current top five .
stuart broad came through an injury scare and jonny bairstow fell short of a century against his own team-mates . bairstow made 98 and joe root ended the day 87 not out in a score of 303 for nine . broad required lengthy treatment on the pitch after clutching his left ankle .
treasurer joe hockey said the states have agreed to work toward applying the 10 per cent gst to movies and music downloaded from streaming services . the changes may also affect consumers buying any products for less than $1,000 online from overseas . consumer advocacy group choice says tech-savvy australian consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location . netflix has indicated that it would increase the cost of its service in line with any new laws and regulations .
baby elephant shows off its playful side by trampling over its mother . footage was captured by a visitor to the abq biopark zoo in albuquerque . the 22-year-old asian elephant remains incredibly docile throughout ordeal .
jose mourinho has sided with arsene wenger in calling into question the legitimacy of the ballon d'or . real madrid superstar cristiano ronaldo is the current holder of the trophy which is voted for by national team managers and captains . wenger said last year he was ‘totally against’ the ballon d’or .
niki lauda aimed a first verbal grenade at his driver nico rosberg . rosberg ended that session behind lewis hamilton in shanghai . lauda said rosberg 'has to sort himself out' ahead of the chinese grand prix .
a new study from new world wealth found hong kong is home to the most multi-millionaires in the world: 15,400 . london is home to 14,300 multi-millionaires and new york city is home to 14,300 . the percentage of multi-millionaires globally has grown by 71 per cent over the past 10 years . south america boasted multi-millionaire growth of 265 per cent over the 10 year period, while australia saw an increase of 190 per cent .
photographer andres figueroa chronicles religious festivals in chile's atacama desert . figueroa: "even though i am not very religious, i've always been curious about their traditions"
tidal's $19.99-a-month app launched in new york on 30 march . following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the ios music chart . the app now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall . in the uk the situation is worse, with the app ranking at 92 in the music app category and disappearing entirely from the overall app list .
doug hughes, 61, landed a gyrocopter on the u.s. capitol lawn to protest campaign finance laws . hughes was arrested and charged with violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft . hughes' wife, alena, said she is proud of her husband and said he is a 'patriot'
witnesses reported seeing front wheel of bike 'completely squashed' under lorry . incident happened close to lambeth bridge near houses of parliament . today's incident was fifth death of cyclist in capital this year - all involving lorries . cycle campaigners have organised a 'vigil and die-in' at the site .
christine davidson, from adelaide, south australia, was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001 . she was told she only had nine months to three years to live . the mother-of-two lost her battle to cancer last thursday at an adelaide nursing home at the age of 61 . four days before she died, her husband ronny and their two daughters noticed her ring was missing from her finger . 'we just don't understand how someone could steal from a dying woman,' symantha said .
dr des spence says mobile health apps cause stress by making us worry that we are abnormal or unhealthy . popular apps include myfitnesspal and apple’s health app . newer apps that monitor your heart rate, blood pressure and blood oxygen levels could be causing unnecessary worry without providing any benefit .
the password, 166816, is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers, researchers charles henderson and david byrne disclosed on wednesday during the annual rsa security conference in california . hackers would need physical access to the payment devices, opening a panel of the device using a paperclip, to exploit it .
boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by mookie betts . xander bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings . chase headley and mark teixeira hit tying home runs for the yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th . fans used their cell phones to point at the field to help with the lack of light .
a three-metre deep sea oarfish washed up on a salt marsh in new zealand . the serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the otago harbour, in dunedin on thursday . the deep sea creatures are known to swim vertically as well as eating sections of their own tail . scientists have been unable to explain why they self-amputate, but some have proposed it is a form of protection .
manchester city have been limited to a net transfer spend of £49million in the last two transfer windows . manuel pellegrini is hoping that uefa's punishment for breaching ffp regulations will be lifted at the end of the season . city have also been limited to a wage bill of £205million-a-year .
arnold palmer hit the opening drive of the 79th masters on thursday . the 85-year-old has been struggling in his recovery from a dislocated shoulder . palmer took his place alongside jack nicklaus and gary player . nicklaus has a record six masters wins, palmer four and player three .
juventus face real madrid in the champions league semi-finals . carlos tevez is a target for italian side la gazetta dello sport . rafa benitez's napoli face europa league minnows dnipro .
isis releases 217 yazidis; peshmerga commander has 228 . most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly . yazidis were killed, captured and displaced when isis overtook their towns last summer .
oxford university women's rowing team beat cambridge for the third time . they finished six-and-a-half lengths and 19 seconds ahead of the men . oxford entered the race as favourites and entered as favourites . american olympic gold medallist and world champion caryn davies was the most experienced rower – male or female .
the third day of the trial against suspected aurora, colorado gunman james holmes continued on wednesday . if convicted, holmes could be sentenced to death . he admits he was the shooter, but schizophrenia had taken control of his mind and compelled him to kill . holmes' lawyers are asking the jury to find him not guilty by reason of insanity, which would send him to the state mental hospital indefinitely .
cult us sitcoms like the big bang theory and how i met your mother will be taken off air for 12 hours on may 7 . e4 is the most popular channel for younger viewers, reaching 8.7 million 16-34 year olds every month . sister station channel 4 will also run a special advertising campaign encouraging youngsters to vote .
ryan giggs has been louis van gaal's assistant at manchester united . giggs had a spell in temporary charge of united after david moyes was sacked . van gaal expects giggs to succeed him when he leaves old trafford .
arsenal are considering a move for arsenal midfielder jack wilshere . the gunners are now ahead of manchester city in the premier league . wilshere hasn't played for the gunners since injuring his ankle . the 23-year-old has picked up a total of 33 league goals this season .
dna-like fragments may have come with 'instructions' that guided their growth into complex life forms 4 billion years ago . the study, by the university of milan and university of colorado boulder, is based on a discovery in the 1980s that rna can chemically alter its own structure . rna is similar to dna, and carries out a number of jobs in our cells, including acting as an on-and-off switch for some genes .
u.s. district court judge jon tigar in san francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51-year-old michelle-lael norsworthy violates her constitutional rights . norsworthy has been in prison since 1987, serving a life sentence for second-degree murder . the ruling says it would be the second time nationwide that such a surgery has been performed on an inmate .
thousands of people line the road to the entrance to the airport trying to get out . with the strong aftershock, no one wants to go inside . there's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of, no drinking water .
michael easy, 29, from southampton, hampshire, went on the run in 2013 . he posted photographs on facebook posing in wig and dame edna-style glasses . image showed him pressing his finger to his lips - taunting police as they failed to track him down . easy breached a restraining order and assaulted two prison officers .
australian beautician chernae noonan has blocked benefit cosmetics from using the term 'brow bar' exclusively . benefit is owned by louis vuitton moet hennessy (lvmh), which is run by the world's 13th richest billionaire, bernard arnault . ms noonan founded eyebrow shaping business the brow bar in 2003 .
amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay, south of perth, over the weekend . far from a conventional toast, mr fraser performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage . the crowd erupt into a standing ovation at the end of the performance .
isco joined real madrid from malaga in the summer of 2013 . the 23-year-old is unhappy with his current role and playing time . carlo ancelotti's first choice front three is gareth bale, cristiano ronaldo and karim benzema . his preferred midfielder is toni kroos, luka modric and james rodriguez .
luke stanwick broke his neck while on holiday with his family in portugal . the 30-year-old has been left paralysed from the waist down after the accident . he is in a medically-induced coma and may never walk again . a donation page set up by a close friend has raised more than £8,000 .
patrick bamford scored middlesbrough's second goal as they beat wolves . aitor karanka's side had to win all four of their remaining matches to finish in the top two of the championship . boro were relegated in 2009 and even the play-offs have been beyond them in the years since .
last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades after seven years of steady growth . sales are expected to hit two million this year and, in recognition of this trend, the uk’s first official weekly vinyl chart has been established . the official vinyl charts have been released today by the official charts company to mark record store day .
as many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer . small painful ulcers usually last no more than ten days and require no treatment . coeliac disease and crohn's disease can first present as mouth ulcers .
a wave of anti-immigrant violence has swept south africa in recent days . some blame alleged inflammatory comments about foreigners from the zulu king . others say a labor dispute turned nasty .
alexis keslar was walking with her 18-month-old twins, eli and silas, in yuma, arizona, on friday when she was distracted by a bee . keslar tried to rescue her sons, but the strong current swept them away . eli and silas were pulled from the water one hour later and pronounced dead . authorities in the southern arizona town officially identified the victims but a go fund me page was set up for the parents .
romelu lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury . everton boss roberto martinez admits he would not be able to ease the belgium international through the remainder of the season even if he wanted to . lukaku has struggled to find his form in the first half of the season after the world cup .
huge military exercises underway off and around britain's coast . nato says they are not a deliberate response to the russian military's increasingly brazen behavior .
the first lady was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing let's move initiative . not content with a busy afternoon in the garden, she then changed into a flawless black dress for the annual grammys on the hill awards . serving as master of ceremonies for the awards was grammy-nominated singer/songwriter hunter hayes .
kell brook will fight frankie gavin on may 30 at the o2 arena in london . brook beat jo jo dan for the ibf world welterweight title last month . the bout will be brook's first defence of his ibf belt .
sergio ramos was the first man carlo ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of real madrid’s champions league win over atletico madrid on wednesday . ramos started his real madrid career as a right back and won the european championship there for his country . he has filled in at left-back, can play across the midfield and started his youth football career as striker .
alex impey, a father-of-two, says he gets 20 new requests for help each week at his hemp store, gnostic hemporium, on the nsw central coast . mr impey says he is selling marijuana to help chronic pain sufferers and terminally ill patients . the oil is broken down into the oil used by chronic pain sufferers and terminally ill . some cancer sufferers can use up to a gram each day as treatment with costs of the oil between $80 to $150 per gram .
wolves beat nottingham forest 2-1 at the city ground on good friday . benik afobe and bakary sako scored for the wolves . kenny jackett has told his players they must keep their focus .
tim sherwood has revealed he is still in touch with tottenham hotspur chairman daniel levy . levy sacked sherwood as spurs head coach at the end of last season and brought in mauricio pochettino . aston villa take on tottenham hotspur at villa park on saturday .
collin burns completed a rubik's cube in just 5.25 seconds . the us national 'speedcubing' champion shaved 0.3 of a second off the record . teenager was at official rubik's cube event in pennsylvania .
bournemouth, norwich, watford, middlesbrough, derby, wolves, brentford and ipswich could all play in the top flight next season . bradley johnson, matt ritchie, bradley johnson, bradley johnson, troy deeney, matt ritchie and roberto soldado all feature .
finder.com.au money and real estate expert michelle hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home . ms hutchison says de-cluttering and reworking the wardrobes can make a world of difference in just a few hours . putting in new lights and light fittings can make a home stand out .
the dragon king dinosaur skull is being sold by hong kong-based experts evolve . it is more than 95 per cent complete bone, is 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long, 5.2ft (1.6 metres) high and 4.6ft (1.4 metres) wide . it belonged to a male triceratops that lived 66 million years ago . the auction is open now and the fossil is expected to fetch $1.8 million (£1.2 million)
georgia davis, 22, who weighs 55st, had to be lifted out of her home in aberdare, south wales, by a crane . the seven-hour operation involved two cranes, seven police cars, two fire engines and 11 medics . she is an extreme manifestation of the obesity epidemic afflicting young people in britain . she is 5ft 6in tall but exists on a 13,000-calorie-a-day binge of takeaways and junk food which has rendered her immobile .
bikram choudhury is accused of sexual assault by six former students . he says he wants to "tell the truth to the world, that i never assaulted them"
katie cope, 17, feared being assaulted by the agitated woman . police refused to give her an estimated time for their arrival . she had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter .
luke shaw joined manchester united from southampton in the summer . the left back has struggled to live up to his £28million price tag . shaw has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks .
long-haul travellers have never had more choice when it comes to making the most of a layover . from sun salutations in san francisco to drinking at a hot spring in iceland, airports are offering ever more diverse activities . here, mail online travel reveals the best - and most bizarre - things you can do with a couple of spare hours at an airport .
jurgen klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . klopp has built a team in his image at the westfalenstadion . mario gotze and robert lewandowski have helped dortmund re-establish their dominance .
building behind royal courts of justice and lse collapsed 'like a pancake' fifth, fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building . a 56-year-old worker was taken to hospital with head injuries . terrifying incident is just yards from where fire tore through holborn .
celtic beat st mirren 2-0 in the scottish premiership on friday night . stefan johansen scored a penalty after james forrest opened the scoring . the norway midfielder believes his side's title hopes 'look great' .
the image is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group called 'the disciples of the new dawn' in the u.s . university of sydney professor of gynecology hans peter dietz said the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment . he said the drive to reduce the rates of c-sections is forcing obstetricians to 'act against their own better professional judgment'
chelsea defeated qpr 1-0 in their premier league clash on saturday . eden hazard scored the winner with a first-half strike at stamford bridge . the belgian forward has now scored 17 goals for the season .
tottenham have been encouraged to make a bid for florian thauvin . marseille midfielder has also been watched by chelsea and valencia . spurs are unlikely to pursue everton's kevin mirallas though .
'kick and kill' vaccine could flush out hiv hidden in white blood cells . could then stimulate the body's immune system to kill the cells . theory is based on a single patient case study in london .
aaron cook has been granted citizenship by moldova . british taekwondo star plans to fight for moldova in rio 2016 . cook was overlooked for great britain squad at london 2012 .
california gov. jerry brown ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history on wednesday . brown said wednesday that he had signed an executive order requiring the state water resources control board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent compared with 2013 levels . california has been in a drought for four years .
jake gyllenhaal, 34, lost 30lbs for 2014 thriller nightcrawler . he worked out for six months, did 2,000 sit ups and did 1,000 each morning . he then put on 15lbs of muscle to play desperate fighter billy hope .
high winds blowing sand across the united arab emirates have caused travel chaos in dubai . four flights to dubai international airport had to be diverted because of the poor visibility . people are having to wear masks to protect their lungs if they walk outside in the gulf region .
anthony ray hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near birmingham . prosecutors linked hinton to the killings through a .38-caliber revolver found at his house . the u.s. supreme court last year sent hinton's case back for a potential new trial, which prompted a re-examination of the evidence . a spokesman for the alabama department of corrections said hinton is expected to be released from the
alaa abdullah esayed uploaded 45,600 tweets in less than a year . some included pictures of dead bodies and encouraging children to arm themselves with weapons . the 22-year-old pleaded guilty at the old bailey to encouraging terrorism . she could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences .
chelsea beat qpr 1-0 in the west london derby on sunday . branislav ivanovic was struck on the head by a cigarette lighter at loftus road . the fa will contact qpr and chelsea after the incident . qpr are reviewing cctv footage and have promised to ban those involved .
purvi patel, 33, of granger, indiana has been jailed for 20 years . she was convicted on charges of feticide and neglect of a dependent . ms patel attended st joseph's hospital in mishawaka, indiana after giving birth . she told doctors she had delivered a baby and put the dead body in a bag . dr kelly mcguire drove to the super target store and searched dumpsters .
natasha elderfield, 41, is accused of murdering her boyfriend robert dobinson, 33 . the pair were on a boat together in abingdon, oxfordshire, court heard . mr dobinson had interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man . court heard she stabbed him in the heart and left him to die on the thames .
predicted life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012 . by 2013, average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks – five weeks less than in 2011 . increasing life expectancy for men in their sixties and seventies had stalled, and had fallen for those in their eighties and nineties .
hanan, 19, was snatched from her family, suffered regular beatings and taken to a warehouse in mosul, iraq, where hundreds of women were lined up and hand picked . she and six others were taken to a house in a nearby village where they met a fellow yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for the last two months . hanan managed to escape that night with some of the other girls by jumping out of a bedroom window but two of them were caught as they fled .
charlotte carr and helen padarin spoke out in defence of pete evans . the paelo way co-authors said they are 'confident' about the changes . the book was due to be released last month but was dumped by publishers . it was branded with major health warnings and contained liver and bone broth .
northampton were thrashed 37-5 by clermont at the stade marcel-michelin . the english champions exited europe at the quarter-final stage . tom wood thanked clermont for inviting him to an open training session .
mesut ozil posted a picture on twitter of him playing with his dog . the arsenal playmaker was in fine form as germany beat georgia 2-0 . ozil missed arsenal's last game against newcastle through illness .
josiah duggar, 18, has revealed that he has entered into a courtship with 17-year-old marjorie jackson, who he met while taking spanish lessons together . the teens' courtship officially began on april 6 - the same day his 23-year-old older sister jill gave birth to her son israel david . per the duggar family's rules of courtship, hand-holding is forbidden until they are engaged and they must also save their first kiss for their wedding day .
andrew caldwell, 21, claims he was attacked by a cashier at a froyo in delmar, st. louis, on wednesday . caldwell claims the cashier recognized him from a video of him screaming 'i don't like mens no more - i like women, women, women!' caldwell claims the employee called him a gay slur, said it was impossible for god to 'turn' gay people straight, and then picked up the extra large bowl from the counter and threw it in
isis took thousands of yazidis captive in a refugee camp in iraqi kurdistan . men faced a choice -- convert to islam or be shot -- but the militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves .
joel parker, 33, was about to get off the sunshine bus in st johns county, florida, on wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a snickers bar . when the driver declined, parker threw the candy bar at his head instead . parker posted $250 bond and was issued a trespass warning .
bradley wiggins will bid for cycling's hour record on june 7 . the four-time olympic champion is 35 on april 28 . wiggins finished his team sky career at paris-roubaix last sunday .
dr zoe waller, 31, suffers from the skin condition dermatographia . it is a type of urticaria, or hives, where a raised, itchy rash appears on the skin . it is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines under the slightest pressure . she uses a blunt pencil or cocktail stick to draw on her skin .
monaco missed the chance to close the gap on fourth-place monaco . lucas barrios missed a penalty to put montpellier in the lead . anthony martial started ahead of dimitar berbatov .
social services minister scott morrison will scrap a provision that allows parents who don't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits . the changes will come into full effect in january 2016 . the controversial change could put millions of dollars back into the federal government's pocket . doctors and pro-vaccination groups are tipped to welcome the reforms as a way to increase the number of children being vaccinated .
pep guardiola split his pants during bayern munich's 6-1 win over porto . the spaniard wore a tight grey suit with a navy pullover and white shirt . he joked afterwards: 'i'll have to buy new ones for the next match' .
a 14-year-old girl was returned to mexico from texas on wednesday . dna tests showed she's not related to a woman who claimed she was her daughter .
as short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves, which combine with long waves on the ocean's floor to create a constant hum . earthquakes shake the planet in such a way that the earth can oscillate for months after the seismic event .
sarah jewell, 25, was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when instead received a letter from the irs informing her that she had 'died' the social security office told jewell that someone had filed her social security number as deceased in november 2014 . jewell said they implied she would be fine and that 'everything's taken care of' but fast-forward three months and her social security number hasn't been reinstated . she still hasn't received her tax refund, one of her credit cards was cancelled, and
boobesh palani, 26, died at wellington hospital with his friends by his side . he was rescued from shark infested waters by two teenage girls . mr palani's identity was unknown at the time so police decided to post a picture of him on news websites in the hopes the public would help identify him . cousins kelly mckay, 15, and payge olds, 16 risked their lives to rescue the man .
ufc light heavyweight champion jon jones was involved in a hit-and-run accident in albuquerque on sunday . the pregnant woman was hospitalised after breaking her arm in the crash . the driver of the suv jumped a red light and ran from the scene . but he quickly returned to grab 'a large handful of cash' from the car . witnesses told police he shoved the cash into his pants and ran north . police found a pipe with marijuana and mma documents in his name .
an egyptian goose that lived for at least a week with an arrow piercing its neck as it evaded capture by animal control workers in southern california died after it was wrangled and taken to surgery . the goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic wednesday but then died a short time later . animal cruelty officers planned to launch an investigation into the assault and fingerprint the arrow after it was removed from the goose's neck .
children at memphis school shared mugshot of eighth grade teacher tiffany jackson . she was arrested by police for driving while her licence was suspended . officials justified suspended students by saying they had demonstrated an 'inappropriate use of electronic media' but later overturned the suspensions following a backlash .
caroline wozniacki was invited to the white house on monday to take part in the annual easter egg roll . the danish ace played tennis with us president barack obama . the event was broadcast on the popular talk show live! with kelly and michael .
federal mp bob katter released a statement on his party's website . he said the government believes billy gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence . mr katter, of lebanese descent, said he sympathised with mr gordon's position . the statement has sparked criticism on social media .
ian poulter has two top 10 finish at the masters in his 10 attempts . the ryder cup defines poulter, gets his juices flowing and his eyes flowing . he has spent time in the bahamas, before the workload was ramped up last week .
ten-year-old martha was swept out to sea by strong tide in leasowe, merseyside . her owner launched their own rescue attempt after being caught out by tide . new brighton's rnli crew found her cold and shivering half a mile out to sea . they managed to grab her collar and pulled her into the lifeboat .
chief executive mike coupe, 53, was convicted of embezzlement last september . former sansbury's business partner amr el-nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques from him . mr coupe is believed to have travelled to the middle eastern country last sunday to appeal the conviction .
juan arango sank his teeth into jesus zavela's shoulder in 4-3 defeat . zavala was not booked by the referee but could face a retrospective ban . arango had earlier scored a magnificent free kick to bring tijuana level .
ryan calhoun and delonte martistee are accused of gang raping a panama city woman . the two alabama college students are on temporary suspension from school .
mike heatlie, 42, launched violent attack on fiona mccartney, 43 . ms mccartney lost a tooth and was left lying unconscious in pool of blood . heatlie claims to have helped gwen stefani get into shape before 2009 tour . he pleaded guilty at edinburgh sheriff court in march to the attack .
candice swanepoel has appeared in max factor's latest beauty campaign . 26-year-old stars as none other than silver screen legend marilyn monroe . max factor is widely accredited for transforming monroe from a mousey brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935 .
jordan spieth leads masters by five shots going into final round . rory mcilroy drops two shots late on to finish six under par . tiger woods finishes six under par .
matt phillips headed queens park rangers into a seventh-minute lead . christian benteke equalised for the hosts after 33 minutes . charlie austin then added a third after chint hill's equaliser .
kim richards is accused of trespassing, resisting arrest and public intoxication . richards is expected to face misdemeanor charges, police say .
indianara carvalho, 23, shot to fame after winning miss bumbum contest in 2014 . she had hymen surgery last year to 'restore' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with 'someone special' accompanied the racy photo with the phrase: 'good friday. lord, on this day i ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength' image, one of a series of nude body-painted shots, attracted 750 'likes' .
patients at wolfson children's hospital are able to remotely play with animals at the jacksonville humane society shelter . the system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys . children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button, and then watch on the tv as the animals react and play with them .
mohammed khubaib, originally from pakistan, befriended girls and 'hooked' them with alcohol to make them 'compliant' to sexual advances . the 43-year-old would pursue his interest 'away from his home and family', using his restaurant as a 'focal point' he was found guilty of forcing a 14-year-old girl to perform a sex act on him .
aclu: "it's good that the government is finally going to tell people of their status on the no-fly list" the new policy comes in response to a june ruling by a federal judge .
manchester united host chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . louis van gaal revealed wayne rooney could be dropped further back . michael carrick, daley blind, phil jones and marcos rojo all out . van gaal's side have won last six premier league games . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
erica ann ginneti, 35, a married mother of three from philadelphia, pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor . montgomery county court judge garrett d. page reportedly asked 'what young man would not jump on that candy?' before sentencing her to 30-days in jail and 60 days on house arrest . ginneti will also face three years’ probation and 100 hours of community service .
walter scott, 50, was gunned down by officer michael slager on saturday . destiny's child member michelle williams tweeted: 'once again... #walterscott' rapper big boi simply tweeted an image of a black square with the words: '#walterscott' . questlove wrote: 'can you imagine the amount of murders that went down before the age and development of cell phone videos? this didn't start this year' .
female, named varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500km) from east coast of russia to breeding grounds off the coast of mexico . her return journey across the north pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature’s conservation status . gray whales typically don't feed during migration, which has led researchers to believe varvara didn't eat during the long journey either .
david suchet, 68, is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases . grandson todd, who is about to celebrate his first birthday, has the rare condition tuberous sclerosis complex . those with the disease can live a full life but may develop tumours in organs such as the brain and heart .
jamal al-labani was in yemen visiting his pregnant wife and their 2-year-old daughter . cousin said he was trying to fly them to oakland, california, but couldn't because the us has withdrawn its diplomatic staff and the country has shut down most airports . houthi rebels have been battling to take aden, a last foothold of fighters loyal to saudi-backed president abd-rabbu mansour hadi .
tavon watson, 24, was taking racing advice from instructor gary terry, 36, when he lost control of the italian supercar at walt disney world . terry died at the scene while watson was rushed to hospital where he was later declared stable . the day out at the track was a present from watson's wife and he posted a picture of himself next to a red ferrari on the tarmac hours before the fatal collision .
south glasgow university hospital opened today with a fleet of robots delivering linen, a children's cinema and helicopter landing pad . ukip said the hospital had been funded with english taxpayers' money 'shovelled' to holyrood . but the nhs will not publish this year's accounts until after the uk general election on may 7 . by december 2014, more than two out of three nhs hospitals were in the red .
inverness beat celtic 3-2 after extra-time in the scottish cup semi-final . josh meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given . the sfa have now dismissed a charge of deliberate handball . meekings will now face falkirk in the scottish cup final on may 30 .
william smith was 15 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother, marilyn buttigieg . the pair, from crawley, west sussex, shared their first date and kiss in 2005 . came under fire from family and friends for the substantial age gap . but they feel they have proved critics wrong because they are still together .
laser expert patrick priebe built a working iron man-style arm and hand . arm fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm . video shows contraption popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away . mr priebe has previously built a spiderman-style web shooter and cyclops style laser glasses .
former us president looked in good health on friday at the u.s. men's clay court championship in houston, texas . he fell ill in december and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath . roy emerson, 78, who owns 28 major singles and doubles championships, is also a big fan and makes an annual appearance at the tournament .
jj watt, 26, released a video on monday showing him performing an incredible 61-inch standing box jump . the houston texans defensive tackle is 6-foot-5 and 289lb and weighs nearly 300lbs . watt will be the face of reebok's 'be more human' ad campaign .
wladimir klitschko faces bryant jennings at madison square garden . the ukrainian superstar will make his return to us soil for the first time in seven years when he takes on the undefeated philadelphian . klitschko has been reminiscing about how it all started for him when he won olympic gold in atlanta in 1996 .
robert durst, 72, was arrested in new orleans in mid-march for the murder of his friend susan berman in 2000 . his lawyers say he got the money legally and it is not needed for evidence or subject to forfeiture in any of his legal proceedings . authorities who arrested durst in mid-march found $44,000, marijuana and a revolver at his hotel room . they also found maps of florida and cuba, leading some to believe he was ready for a life on the run .
graham dorrans gave norwich an early lead with a deflected free-kick . adam le fondre doubled the canaries' lead with a deflected effort . gary hooper came off the bench to score a stoppage-time winner . neil lennon's bolton came within minutes of gaining a point .
swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have the condition . looked at whether there was any family conflict, a change of family structure, interventions from social services or unemployment . 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes .
mitchell moffit and greg brown, from toronto, discuss how being the first, middle, youngest, or an only child affects us . the personality traits are also supposedly affected by whether parents have high expectations and how strict they were . first-borns tend to be higher academic achievers and more ambitious . they also tend to have a stronger sense of responsibility and are generally more mature .
angela collins and margaret elizabeth hanson of port hope, ontario, decided to use xytex corp to start a family in 2006 . they believed they had a strict vetting process . but in june 2014 they discovered donor was called james christian aggeles . he is said to have schizophrenia, has spent time in jail and dropped out of college .
rapper tyga has been in the headlines for dating the youngest kardashian sister - 17-year-old kylie jenner . alex oxlade-chamberlain and kieran gibbs took tyga on a tour of the emirates stadium . tyga appeared to dye his hair red to show his support to arsenal .
steven nelms penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother . glorianna nelms stays at home with the couple's two-year-old son ezra because of high child care costs . nelms, from plano, texas, decided to write an essay, which was posted on we are glory, in which he would break-down the monetary value of everything his wife does .
jonathan keats, a san francisco writer and self-described experimental philosopher and conceptual artist, has designed a 'millennium camera' that he intends to mount in a churchless steeple on a college campus . keats hopes the resulting photograph will chronicle climate change by taking a 1,000-year exposure of a western massachusetts mountain range . the camera, which is made of cooper, allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside .
eight animals are dead, including at least one alligator that once belonged to michael jackson, after a fire last week destroyed two enclosures at a zoological park in oklahoma . authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the march 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile 'boiled to death' at the garold wayne interactive zoological park . not only did the alleged criminal set the fire, but also stole a large amount of equipment joe schreibvogel
li adopted the boy when he was six after he was given up by her cousin . she thought she was sending him to a better life away from rural china . instead, shocking images show the child was covered in injuries . he was hit with a metal rod and smacked with a water pipe in nanjing .
joss whedon is facing a lawsuit accusing him of stealing the idea for the cabin in the woods . whedon produced and co-wrote the script for cabin with director drew goddard . peter gallagher is suing for copyright infringement and wants $10 million in damages .
connor sullivan, 17, of cupertino, california, went missing on monday . he attended his first period class at monta vista high school in cupertino . he returned home on thursday night, but police could not find him . sullivan said after his return that he slept under the bleachers every night .
ambra battilana, 22, told police weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night . the next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of finding neverland and posted it on instagram . a movie industry source said weinstein gave battilana two $227 sixth-row-center-seat tickets during their friday night meeting and told her he would be backstage during the
ben hiscox, 30, was playing a home match for stoke gifford united in bristol . he slipped on the wet ground following a tackle and crashed into building . he was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care for treatment . but, three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital . close friend ben bennett said: 'no one is blaming anyone. it was just a tragic accident'
eloise parry, 21, 'burned up from the inside' after swallowing dinitrophenol . after taking the pills her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat . her mother issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online . dr simon cotton explains how dnp came to be used as a diet pill .
senator rand paul, 52, shared a snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous 'king of instagram' dan blizerian . in the clip, the two men sit at a table opposite one another with money fans in their hands, playing what appears to be liar's poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes . the goal of the game, according to investopedia.com, is to bluff the opponents into believing that your bid does
lewis ferguson was flung from his horse at wincanton on thursday . the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual . ferguson is undeterred from getting back in the saddle .
james rebanks's family has been farming in the lake district for at least six centuries . he studied at the university of oxford before returning to his roots . his sheep are built for the fells in ways even the hardiest shepherds are not .
two three-month-old western lowland gorillas have made their debut at the bronx zoo . the western lowland gorillas were born less than 48 hours apart back in january . keepers at the zoo have yet to learn either of the babies' genders .
aaron cresswell gave west ham an early lead at upton park . marko arnautovic equalised for stoke in 95th minute . sam allardyce's side drop points for second game in a row .
three planes into heathrow were diverted in just over 24 hours . ba denied there was a fire forcing one to return to baku, azerbaijan . passengers on the mumbai to london flight reported a problem .
charles piutau rejected a new deal with the blues and nzru in favour of a season in belfast, in 2016-17 . colin slade is thought to be deciding between a move to toulon or pau in france . the deal is a bold endorsement of ulster’s ambition and also a boost to the wider celtic game, below test level .
camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of facebook's decision to open up messenger . allows people to add instagram style filters to their images before sharing them . the gifs are created in the camoji app .
ivan cameron was born with ohtahara syndrome, a rare brain disorder . it left him in a wheelchair, needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits . within a year, his wife samantha said, looking after him had left them 'totally shattered' and trying to 'find a way through' . mrs cameron said: 'you become a part-time parent, nurser, carer, doctor'
raheem sterling has turned down a £100,000-a-week liverpool contract . the england winger has attracted interest from real madrid, bayern munich, manchester city and arsenal . sterling was just 17 when he was told off by brendan rodgers for answering him back at training in 2012 . the 20-year-old is now a cornerstone of liverpool's first team .
melissa atkins wardy, author of "redefining girly," shared a frustrated mom's story on facebook . the mom wanted to buy "big hero 6" fabric to make pillows for her kids . the fabric didn't include two of the heroes from the movie, honey lemon and gogo .
rspca officers discovered the illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in lancashire . the animals were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and kept in urine-soaked cages without water . three men involved in illegal dog fights have been fined a total of £40,000 for a catalogue of appalling animal cruelty offences . dingo, sheeba, zula, fenton and mousey were ordered to be destroyed .
kayonna cole filmed the moment at her home in los angeles . she remains calm throughout the video, but later suffered a reaction to the spider's venom .
get rid of sids project has had its charity status revoked . the not-for-profit organisation had been organising seminars featuring us anti-vaccination campaigner sherri tenpenny . she had to cancel talks after threats of violence from 'anti-free-speech terrorists' the organisation is run by brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner stephanie messenger .
the leaders of places with names like molossia, westarctica, vikesland and broslavia are coming together at the anaheim central library for microcon 2015 . these self-proclaimed micronations print their own stamps, wave their own flags and mint their own money . most of their citizens have a population of less than 10 .
ramon estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died sunday at the prison in draper, utah . he was scheduled to have dialysis friday at the prison's treatment center, but a technician did not show up on friday or saturday . the technician or technicians worked for a university of utah hospital clinic that provides dialysis for the prison .
sergio garcia is focusing on winning his first pga tour title since 2012 . rory mcilroy's bid for a third major victory in succession has dominated the agenda for weeks . garcia finished third 12 months ago but went on to miss the cut at augusta .
the unidentified male concert-goer was photographed wearing a shirt emblazoned with the words 'eat sleep rape repeat' to coachella on sunday . the shirt was shared on twitter on sunday by jemayel khawaja, the managing editor of vice's music and culture channel thump . the offensive shirt is thought to be a play on the fatboy slim song eat sleep rave repeat, which was released in 2013 .
hillary clinton is about to get her first official challenger . sen. bernie sanders of vermont could make an announcement within days . joe biden is still looking at the race .
england drew 2-2 with norway at the seaview stadium on thursday night . leah williamson scored a penalty in the 18-second rematch of last saturday's match . the arsenal ladies' player was unable to stop her effort . williamson found out on wednesday that england would have to visit the seaview stadium in belfast for a single penalty .
hayley okines, 17, died of progeria earlier this month . prince charles described her as 'an inspiration to millions' in letter to parents . more than 250 mourners gathered at all saints church in east sussex .
jef rouner said his daughter was forced to cover up when she wore a rainbow spaghetti-strap sundress to school in houston, texas . teachers at the school said the dress violated the dress code .
cesc fabregas was booed by large portions of arsenal supporters upon his return to the emirates . the chelsea midfielder was substituted in the dying moments . arsenal are third in the premier league, level on points with manchester city .
dr adam cobb was taken into custody on friday in portsmouth, new hampshire, for receipt and distribution of child pornography . the 45-year-old was in the us working as a research professor and director at the prestigious us naval war college in rhode island . if convicted he faces 20 years' jail in the us .
the yellow protein world ad features a bikini-clad renee next to text 'are you beach body ready?' the sight of the 24-year-old's toned figure has caused a stir among some feminists and body image campaigners . protein world strongly defended their campaign with some biting responses to aggrieved tweeters .
the number of migrant deaths in the mediterranean has increased by a factor of 30 . almost all the deaths have occurred in the perilous central mediterranean crossing from libya to italy . the sinking has triggered some action in the european union, which has unveiled a new ten-point action plan .
paula radcliffe will run the final competitive race of her career on sunday . the london marathon will be radcliffe's final competitive race . david beckham cried in the dying moments of his paris saint-germain career .
the world is your oyster with some of the most spectacular holiday homes on the market at the moment . from a lake garda mansion with a pool overlooking the water to an italian villa that looks like a castle, these are some of the most spectacular properties .
experts say the wave of savage beheadings may be having an unlikely knock-on effect . beheadings may encourage copy-cat acts or threats of decapitation, psychologist says . kruglanski: beheadings may also encourage "disbelievers" they target .
rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported to france when a california court awarded custody to her ex-husband daniel giersch, 40 . she pleaded for the order to be reversed by a new york court . the dismissal of her case states that rutherford failed to argue why the federal court should intervene in her custody dispute with giersch .
richard ilczyszyn, 46, could be heard 'groaning' and 'crying' by staff . he was on a flight from orange county to california when he suffered heart attack . kelly ilczyszyn, a flight attendant, is filing a wrongful death suit . claims he could have survived if attendants sought medical attention . sheriff's report said ilczyszyn's foot was wedged in the door .
reece oxford scored for west ham's under 21s against manchester united . the 16-year-old has been on the bench for the senior side this season . oxford signed his first professional contract earlier this season .
claudia alende, 21, came second in last year's miss bumbum beauty pageant . she launched a scathing attack on current title-holder indianara carvalho . she claimed the model had 'revealed who she truly is' on good friday . miss carvalho, 23, posted the racy picture on her instagram account .
surveillance footage from philadelphia's 15th street station shows one man lose his balance as he tries to skirt past somebody on the platform . he falls, and bystanders jump back in shock . but within a second, a good samaritan runs over and throws himself onto the tracks to save him .
the 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from south carolina toward atlanta when it went off interstate 85 near the town of commerce about 7 am monday . the driver of the van 'apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway, at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side' the occupants of the van, from atlanta-based band khaotika and the huntsville, alabama-based band wormreich, were traveling together and pulling a trailer with the musicians' equipment .
davon durant, a promising linebacker at arizona state university, was arrested last month on domestic abuse charges . his girlfriend of 18 months, kelsi langley, claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car . durant was suspended indefinitely from the football team and could be facing expulsion . on tuesday langley walked back her previous statements and said that she lied about the assault because she was jealous .
reality tv star is face of very.co.uk’s #cantwaitforsummer campaign . shows off toned body in fun and flirty high-summer designs . recently starred in made in chelsea work-out dvd .
queen victoria spent her holidays in osborne house on the isle of wight . she would travel to portsmouth by train and then ferry to ryde . in 1875, a station was built at whippingham, the closest station to the property . accommodation was built for the stationmaster, as well as waiting rooms .
man believed to be from mozambique was taken to a hospital in johannesburg where he passed away . at least six people have been killed and thousands displaced since violence against immigrants erupted in durban . despite making 30 arrests overnight, police are struggling to subdue the machete-wielding gangs who ransacked immigrant-owned shops . many families in the city who now fear for their lives have abandoned their homes and fled to a makeshift refugee camp .
the harewood arms in wakefield, west yorkshire, publicly supports ukip . right-wing party is running a 'save the pub' campaign in run up to the election . landlord matt eason said: 'we believe in a lot of the policies ukip stands for' he added: 'we will be organising a few things at the pub to help the campaign'
atlanta hawks beat brooklyn nets 131-99 on saturday night . al horford and demarre carroll scored 20 points each . paul millsap left the game early with a shoulder injury .
a man identified as walter witt on youtube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the foot of the 6,500-foot-high calbuco volcano . since being posted online the video has over 72,000 views . volcano calbuco has been dormant since 1972 and neither scientists nor government officials predicted the eruption .
deaths in britain will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over 20 years . price of a funeral is rising fast thanks to higher costs for cremation . think tank says younger people will still be under money pressure after death .
e-cigarettes may have wider appeal across all sectors of teenage population . almost six per cent of 10 to 11 year olds had tried e-cigarettes, far more than had been tempted by tobacco (1.6 per cent) meanwhile, 12 per cent of 11 to 16 year olds said they had used e-cigarettes, irrespective of gender, ethnic background, or family affluence . but only 1.5 per cent of those aged 11 to 16 said they regularly used the electronic devices - defined as at least once a month .
sandwiches can contain more fat, calories and sugar than burgers and pizzas . asda’s piri piri chicken pasta salad contains 46.5g of fat . this is more than the 43.3g found in a burger king bacon and cheese whopper . a 624-calorie brie and bacon panini from caffè nero comes in at more than 100 calories higher than a 518-calorie mcdonald’s quarter pounder with cheese .
bridewell prison in liverpool was once home to men and women detained for petty crimes . grade ii listed building was previously known as bridewell prison, and housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences . the quadrangle of former cells across four floors has been transformed into slick modern rooms .
danny garcia is set to fight lamont peterson in a non-title fight on saturday . the unbeaten boxer revealed he has an extra toe on his right foot . garcia has never been knocked down and says he will 'kick butt' peterson .
tom lineham scored two interception tries as hull fc beat widnes 22-8 . lineham scored a treble in a losing cause at castleford last month . jamie shaul went over late on to make sure of the two competition points .
derby county can make sure of a play-off place with victory at huddersfield . wigan will be relegated if they fail to win at home to brighton . burton will be promoted with a win at morecambe if wycombe fail to win at afc wimbledon or bury lose at portsmouth .
abdul hadi arwani was found slumped in his car in wembley on tuesday . the 48-year-old syrian national was an outspoken critic of the assad regime . a 46-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder . he is being questioned at a central london police station .
hibs boss alan stubbs feared unrest if his side formed a guard of honour for city rivals hearts in the edinburgh derby . hearts boss robbie neilson and jambos defender alim ozturk have both rounded on hearts for refusing a public display of acknowledgement . rangers lined up to applaud hearts on to the ibrox pitch when the teams played just over a week ago, and queen of the south and alloa did the same .
military leaders in norway are nervous about russia's presence on its 'strategically important' coastline . fears have once again peaked after three russian warships spent the winter docked deep inside the mountain hideaway . olavsvern naval base has been closed since 2009 but has been reopened .
mail's revelations sparked outrage with all three major political parties backing calls for an inquiry . jeremy hunt said a future conservative government would look into the findings 'in detail' royal college of nursing head said nurses who had faced five years of pay freezes would struggle to comprehend the six per cent pay rise for their bosses . patient groups said the packages were indefensible when patients were seeing spiralling waiting times and cuts to routine procedures .
real madrid have lost almost one out of every three matches in 2015 . cristiano ronaldo scored his side's fourth late in extra time to secure victory . carlo ancelotti guided real to their 10th european cup triumph last year . ancelotti is now a black smudge on madrid's pristine-white history .
hani al-sibai is suspected of radicalising jihadi john, real name mohammed emwazi . the extremist preacher lives in a leafy west london street and cannot be deported because of his human rights . al-sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men, who then travelled abroad to join terror groups, including jihadi john . he has also been linked to adel abdel bari, another egyptian-born jihadist .
ibrahim jalloh and bengali sherrif were arrested at guangzhou airport in june 2014 . they were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice . sherrif's sentence could be reduced to life in prison if it is decided he has been well-behaved during his first two years in prison . jalloh arrived in australia from sierra leone with his mother, three sisters and brother eight years ago .
jimmy anderson is england's leading wicket-taker in tests . the 32-year-old is playing in his 100th test match for england . anderson reached 381 in his first test against india on tuesday .
"this morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred," madylin sweeten says . sawyer sweeten was a year and a half old when he started on "raymond"
shauna mcglasson, 25, ballooned to 17st after getting trapped in fairground ride . the mother-of-one was left red faced after getting trapped in turnstiles . shauna lost 7st in as many months and now weighs 10st .
jeff green had an aortic aneurysm in his heart after a lockout with the boston celtics . green had heart surgery to repair the aneurysm . the memphis grizzlies player says the surgery and hard road back to the nba have given him a new perspective .
steven mathieson, 38, stabbed prostitute luciana maurer, 23, 44 times in december . father-of-two then called two more vice girls over to his home and raped them . his young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out crimes . mathieson, of 'impeccable character', pleaded guilty to murder and rape .
kelsey higley, 22, from norman, oklahoma, created a video entitled 'manipulation' which showed her body digitally altered . the art media student used photoshop to show what her body would look like if it were digitally trimmed or augmented . the video plays in a non-stop loop for over a minute .
lindy klim, amanda bisk, juliette burnett, sjana earp and yogi and instagram star sjana earp wowed the crowds at the we are handsome show in sydney . the show was held at white city tennis club in paddington . the models included ballerinas and sprinters, while samantha harris also made an appearance .
peter schmeichel and oliver kahn star as actors in tipico's latest advert . the pair were widely regarded as the best goalkeepers of their generation . the duo face off in a top trump style competition of their accolades .
boredpanda has created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their 'true nerdy colours' . parents have dressed their babies up as sci-fi characters, like princess leia from star wars . some have even been subject to careful doctoring via photoshop .
diego costa limped off in chelsea's 2-1 win over stoke city on saturday . spain international has been told he will miss just over two weeks . chelsea face arsenal at the emirates stadium on april 26 .
graeme swann reveals when alastair cook's form took a turn for the worse . adil rashid made to wait to make his test debut after being left out . darren bravo has no 50s in five tests against england .
leaflet distributed in terror group's de facto capital raqqa warns jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear . news comes shortly after one militant decried popularity of nike among isis fighters, comparing the brand's name and famous 'tick' logo to wearing a christian cross .
antonio nu ⁇ ez, 59, was said to be arguing with the woman, who has not been named, at his home in san antonio, texas, on monday . at 4.15am nu ⁇ ez allegedly grabbed the gardening tool and drove it into the woman's behind . the woman pepper sprayed nu ⁇ ez in the eyes and ran across the street to a neighbor who called 911 .
gang of four held up a cash-and-carry in derby on september 26 last year . they attempted to flee on foot along a busy motorway slip road . dramatic chase was captured on camera by a police helicopter . gang rammed two police cars as they tried to hide under a bridge . police eventually caught up with the men and arrested them . they have now been jailed at birmingham crown court .
salford red devils secured back-to-back super league wins with 18-12 victory at huddersfield . griffin and ben jones-bishop scored tries in the first half . jack hughes and aaron murphy scored tries for red devils .
kenya launches airstrikes on al-shabaab bases in somalia, military source says . al-shabaab claims responsibility for garissa university college massacre .
ask reddit asked members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive . 'don't call me an inspiration. be your own damn inspiration,' one user wrote, amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day . many disabled people say it was insulting and patronising to be 'praised' for doing normal things, like going to university .
researchers in massachusetts believe a person's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills . they have developed a six-minute test which could give an early diagnosis of parkinson's disease .
chelsea boss jose mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage in premier league history . rafa benitez is second with 114 clean sheets from liverpool and chelsea . roberto mancini has the lowest average of goals conceded per game . carlo ancelotti has taken charge of the lowest number of games in the top 10 .
sisonke msimang, 41, moved to australia with her husband and children in the last few months . she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights, race relations and government accountability in south africa . ms ms msimang said she started to recognise a systematic approach to 'assimilate' and 'eradicate' australia’s indigenous heritage .
chipworks site has posted image revealing the internals of the galaxy s6 . samsung used more of its own chips to power the new galaxy s6 than it did for the predecessor s5, according to teardown reports . samsung is counting on its new flagship galaxy s6 and s6 edge phones to help revive earnings momentum after a disappointing 2014 .
a generous double room in peckham, south-east london, has been put up for rent for just £400 a month . it is close to amenities and a stone's throw from public transport into the city . but the ceiling leaks onto the bed - and there doesn't seem to be any plan to fix it .
miliband accuses cameron of 'ducking' chance to defend record in government . pm has pledged to find £7billion to pay for tax cuts for lower and middle earners . he has also promised to increase the nhs budget by £8billion a year .
brett mcgurk: isis is a problem that is "off the charts historically" u.s. has more than 20,000 foreign fighters in syria, he says .
the calf was born on a dairy farm in narnaul, northern india . he opens all ten lips when he is sucking at his mother's udders . but he can only take in milk through two of his mouths .
arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers ahead of chelsea (5.49m) and manchester united (4.87m) but one country was missing: china – where the government outlaws twitter as they seek to keep control of information and the media . of the 10 premier league clubs active on weibo, six – united, city, arsenal, chelsea, liverpool and tottenham – feature in the top 20 most followed clubs in china .
italian activist and artist alexsandro palombo has turned his hand to photography for his latest project, 'what kind of man are you?' in #briefmessage campaign, women hold up their often hard-hitting statements to the camera, sometimes staring boldly into the lens, and sometimes hiding behind the knickers . palambo says the response has been 'immediate and powerful' .
daniel boykin pleads guilty to unlawful photography, aggravated burglary and violation of the computer act . police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on boykin's phone and computer .
victoria ayling is running for the key election seat of great grimsby . made comments after being confronted over her non-attendance at ukip meetings . leader of ukip's north east lincolnshire group launched an investigation . raised questions about whether she has misrepresented son's situation .
philippe saint-andre succeeded marc lievremont following the 2011 world cup . saint-andre has won just 15 of his 37 games in charge of the les bleus . the french rugby federation launched the application process to find his replacement on friday . candidates have until april 25 to declare their bid .
laurene jobs said that hillary clinton has 'judgment and wisdom' based on her public service . mrs clinton announced her intention to run for president on sunday . but she was blasted for her 'staged' visit to a coffee shop in iowa on tuesday .
google has released an update to its android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice . known as trusted voice, it can unlock a phone by hearing its owner say 'ok, google' the feature has not been officially announced by google, but has begun to appear on some android handsets .
baroness hale of richmond wants bitterness taken out of matrimonial disputes . divorcing couples currently have to cite adultery or unreasonable behaviour . lady hale also wants arrangements for children and money resolved .
sol campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote in next month's general election . campbell has joined forces with homeland actor david harewood, musician tinie tempah and paralympic medallist//television presenter ade adepitan . campbell last month ruled out standing for the conservatives in kensington after sir malcolm rifkind announced he would be standing down .
the faa had earlier given the green light to an amazon prototype drone in march, but the company told u.s. lawmakers less than a week later that the prototype had already become obsolete . amazon is developing aerial vehicles as part of amazon prime air . the aircraft can travel at more than 50mph and carry loads of up to 5 pounds .
video appears to show manchester city fans singing a vile song . the clip was apparently taken after sunday's manchester derby . manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford .
everton played 10 games in europe this season before being knocked out by dynamo kiev . aaron lennon scored for everton but the game ended in a 1-1 draw . tim howard insists the europa league is not to blame for everton's poor season .
paddy morrall noticed the full-length christ on a snapped scaffolding board in inverness, scotland, on wednesday . the 31-year-old builder, from keighley, near bradford, has kept the board . comes two days after a shop assistant spotted the image of christ on a hot cross bun .
300,000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours yesterday . uk's debt management office had to delay £3billion bond sale .
university of florida redshirt freshman jc jackson, of immokalee, florida, entered an acquaintance's apartment saturday with two men . police said the 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment, and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun . police said they took two video game consoles, marijuana and $382 from the apartment's three residents . jackson never returned, but he later called one of the victims .
robin van persie has been out injured for six weeks with ankle ligament damage . manchester united striker has scored 10 goals this season . juventus and inter milan are interested in signing van persie .
bradley wiggins failed to win his final race with team sky in the paris-roubaix . the 2012 tour de france winner is quitting to ride for his own squad . germany's john degenkolb won the race ahead of wiggins in 18th place .
the i'm up alarm can be set to go off at a certain time the night before . it will then only turn off if you physically get out of bed and scan a bar code . the code can be printed on mugs or magnets that can be kept in another room . the app developers say they will be able to print the code onto magnets .
ben stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the england team . the jamaican clashed with marlon samuels during the second test . stokes must not try to live up to his reputation and become pigeonholed .
babies were surprised when a ball seemed to disappear through a solid wall . when given the ball to play with, they repeatedly banged it on a table . they were also perplexed by a toy car that appeared to break the laws of gravity . study by psychologists at the university of missouri found that infants are able to comprehend what constitutes bullying, friendship and what it means to be a bystander . this suggests that babies learn from the unexpected, something that is important in a world in which we are constantly bombarded with information .
the charity announced on wednesday that it has decided to continue to look abroad for millions of dollars while limiting donor nations to a select group of six . the change in policy comes as former board member hillary clinton undertakes her presidential campaign . the foundation's reliance on funding from several middle east governments that suppress dissent and women's rights sparked criticism and gave republicans a new offensive against the leading democrat .
amal clooney held a press conference in washington dc today calling for the release of imprisoned former president mohamed nasheed . nasheed, the indian ocean archipelago's first democratically elected leader who came to power in 2008, was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month . mrs clooney said she will not rest until nasheed walks free .
l'hermione set sail in france on saturday to retrace the journey of marquis de lafayette . the original hermione was assigned to a french nobleman in 1780 .
steven allison, 37, was uploading pictures of himself in australia to facebook . he had been on the run for a year when he was given a 30 month jail sentence for sexually assaulting two women in february last year . he was supposed to be laying low in sydney but couldn't resist showing off his new life to his 739 facebook friends . british police teamed up with colleagues in australia and interpol to track him down .
linda shute has banned all drinks except water during the school day . rule has been enforced to protect long-term health of pupils at rowdown primary school in new addington, south london . but some parents believe the water-only rule is too strict . they claim many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water .
if all ice were to be spread across the surface of mars, the entire planet would be covered in more than 3.3ft (one metre) of ice . the findings were made by scientists at the niels bohr institute at the university of copenhagen . they measured how big the glaciers are, and their similarity to glaciers on earth .
the six-month-old kitten had fallen from a building in zetland, inner-east of sydney, last month and sustained serious injuries . it was taken in by a local vet clinic, my vet animal hospital, who shared the story of aptly-named 'seven' on social media . since then, the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for his hefty medical bills and surgeries .
eden hazard has scored 18 goals in all competitions for chelsea this season . the belgian joined the blues from lille in 2012 . hazard has remarkably won player of the year or young player of the year every season since 2009 with lille or chelsea .
micky adams became the 42nd manager to be sacked this season . gus poyet is one of five premier league managers to be sacked . malky mackay was the 17th manager to be sacked this season .
paul mcgowan will miss two forthcoming games because he is under house arrest . the midfielder was handed his third conviction for assaulting a policeman . dundee fc have vowed to stand by their player through his problems .
barcelona face paris saint-germain in the champions league on tuesday . luis suarez admits he was nervous at playing alongside lionel messi and neymar when he joined the catalan club . the uruguayan has scored vital goals in all competitions this season .
tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest and plains . scattered storms will soak illinois and missouri, and wind and hail will continue to be moderate . earlier this week, severe weather struck the south .
patrick o'flynn said ukip needs to 'work harder' as it is 'lagging' behind female voters . ukip's economics spokesman was forced to defend its 'blokeish' image . polls suggest 15 per cent of men are planning to back ukip, compared to 10 per cent of women .
cristiano ronaldo ended his illustrious playing career in 2011 . the 38-year-old now co-owns north american side fort lauderdale strikers . ronaldo admits a return to top level football is past him .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . brendan rodgers says that manchester city's chances of signing raheem sterling this summer would not be a step up . the liverpool boss says that city are bigger than their etihad rivals .
45 per cent of britons have lied about earnings, spending, bills or credit cards . one in five have lied to a partner about what they earn . one in four men lied about technology purchases .
vandal demolished foxtons brixton branch's front window in 'wholly peaceful' protest . he then spray painted 'no evictions' and 'yuppies' on their housing adverts . one man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage, police confirmed . organiser cyndi anaso said: 'it suggests there's a reason they are being targeted'
aaron kaufman, the former chief technology officer of blue shield, is accused of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with tara reid . reid, 39, shot to fame on the back of roles in the big lebowski and american pie, and now features in the overblown sharknado franchise . blue shield claims that reid 'behaved inappropriately' at one event bankrolled by kaufman's credit card .
ted koran, 59, was put on hold by the va suicide hotline on saturday night after missing his wife who had recently passed away from cancer . he said he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time and the only reason he decided not to kill himself was to care for the 60 animals he and his wife had cared for together . the veterans association estimates that 22 former servicemen end their lives every day across the us .
jamie silvonek, 14, is accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed . she is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy . her boyfriend, 20-year-old caleb barnes, who is from el paso, texas, but was stationed at fort meade, maryland, is charged with homicide . cheryl silvonek's body was found stabbed in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of philadelphia .
luis suarez scored twice to give barcelona a 3-0 lead at paris saint-germain . edinson cavani and zlatan ibrahimovic both missed the game through suspension . luis suarez has scored 17 goals for barcelona this season .
the dishevelled-looking vehicle is a celebrated 1962 aston martin db4 series iii . it will be worth three times its £220,000 price if fully restored . restoration project will cost up to £350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay at least £570,000 to return it to its former glory . there were about 1,100 db4 series iii cars made from 1958 to 1963 .
the 2015 australian fashion report has named and shamed some of the worst aussie clothing brands and companies . lowes, industrie, best & less and the just group - which includes just jeans, portmans and dotti - were identified as some of the worst performing companies . amongst the best performers were etiko, audrey blue, cotton on, h&m and zara . the report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in australia .
broadway allotment association's allotments moved by oldham council . old prize-winning plots have been bulldozed to make way for football pitches . but gardeners say soil at new site is so poor they can't grow a bean . they are demanding that council pay out compensation for the problems .
britain’s got talent judge amanda holden will host new show on itv . show will highlight plight of animals arriving at rspca centre in birmingham . loose women’s coleen nolan, denise lewis and kimberly wyatt will star .
kayli henley was snapping pictures of six-month-old taos and his mother, 20-year-old sierra sharry, when she asked if she could make their family complete . so henley took a photograph of lane smith from the family and fitted the image around his girlfriend and son, as if he were standing over them . sharry called the ghostly final picture 'amazing'
dave hughes called radio broadcaster derryn hinch a 'w**ker' on national television . hughes and hinch were on abc's q&a on monday discussing alcohol and depression . it came after a video surfaced of prime minister tony abbott skolling a beer in a sydney pub on the weekend .
david lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of "twin peaks" cult 1990s tv show was set to return in 2016 . showtime network said they were "saddened" by lynch's decision .
david cameron will unveil analysis to show labour and snp are 'on same side' since ed miliband became labour leader, snp has trooped through lobbies . snp backed labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on economy .
hln's #meforreal is a conversation about the way we present ourselves online . tag your favorite unscripted, unedited, un-perfected moments using #meforreal .
newport gwent dragons beat cardiff blues 25-21 at rodney parade . hallam amos, nic cudd, lloyd williams, gareth anscombe, josh navidi, tom prydie and dorian jones scored tries for the dragons . british lions number eight taulupe faletau was left on the bench .
dusan bako, 18, flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager's phone . put his arm around the back of the girl's neck and with the other clenched his fist . punched her repeatedly in the stomach, causing her to lose their unborn baby . bako, from oldham, was initially charged with child destruction . but he pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm with intent .
posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across grangetown suburb . they read: 'democracy is a system whereby man violates right of allah' cardiff council have begun removing the posters, dubbed 'chilling' and 'threatening' by locals .
tiger woods suffered a wrist ligament injury on the ninth hole at augusta . the four-time masters champion dropped his club and gave a painful yell . woods finished on 5-under-par and tied for 17th at the tournament .
marli van breda, 16, suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed in january . her father martin, 55, mother teresa, 54, and eldest brother rudi, 22, were killed . marli was released from hospital last month after being treated for severed jugular and brain damage . she is now suffering from retrograde amnesia . her family said she is able to walk and talk - and still has her sense of humour
solomon bygraves, 29, robbed stanley evans, 93, as he returned from a shopping trip . offered to help him with his shopping but instead snatched his wallet . pensioner was left lying in the entrance to his block of flats in soho for ten minutes . mr evans said: 'i believe the public would be served for him to be in prison for a long time'
alaskan husky, sarabi, was returned to a friend of the musher laura allaway on monday night who will be reunited with the animal on april 28 . the three-year-old dog was spotted on april 15 near glenn highway and then again last friday near reverend tim carrick's united protestant presbyterian church . carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between the church and his home, and used four bowls of dog kibble
real madrid beat rivals atletico 2-0 at the bernabeu on wednesday night . cristiano ronaldo scored a free-kick that hit a young supporter . the portuguese forward lifted off his training shirt before the game .
bayern munich face barcelona in the champions league semi-finals . pep guardiola's side have a 12-point lead over wolfsburg in the bundesliga . bayern have an excellent pedigree with a coach in pep guardiola .
tony pulis has never finished higher than 11th in the premier league . pulis has never been relegated from the premier league . west brom host crystal palace at selhurst park on saturday .
james and hope ben canaan left gloriavale, a christian commune on the west coast of new zealand last month . the family moved to timaru, around 320km away, where they are adjusting well to life in the community . they have accepted a farm job and moved into a home with modern appliances . gloriavale is home to around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the new testament and reject the outside world .
hundreds of thousands of brazilians are taking to the streets in protests across the country . they are lashing out against president dilma rousseff as she struggles with an economic downturn .
ap mccoy will stop riding immediately if his mount shutthefrontdoor wins grand national on saturday . mccoy has been champion jockey every year since he first won the title in 1997 . mccoy won the famous race on don’t push it in 2010 .
vanessa santillan's body was found in a £400,000 flat in fulham, london . the 33-year-old mexican national worked as a transgender escort . she was pronounced dead at the scene after suffering head and neck injuries . a 23-year-old man has been arrested in connection with her death . he has been told to return to a london police station for further questioning .
flight 5622, operating as a united express, dropped nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in buffalo, new york . the situation arose about an hour after take-off, when three passengers on the embraer 175 twin-jet from chicago to connecticut lost consciousness . new information from medical personnel confirmed that 'a total of three passengers reported a loss of consciousness while on the flight' .
scott stephenson stole a phone from a man who died in the street . the 19-year-old rifled through his victim's pockets and made off with the phone . stephenson was due to be sentenced for the offence, but skipped bail . he was re-bailed for sentence after failing to turn up to previous hearing .
statue in gardens in wuhan honours yu the great, who founded china's first dynasty in 2070 bc . statue has been worn down and discolored by tourists fondling the woman's exposed breast . legend says yu and his wife were brought together by a mythical nine-tailed fox .
leinster face bath in the european rugby champions cup semi-finals . bath have won just one of their last five matches in the pro12 competition . northampton have not lost a european game in the stade marcel michelin since a 32-15 defeat by sale in 2008 . clermont have not lost a european game in the stade marcel michelin since a 32-15 defeat by sale in 2008 .
the oshun café in london will serve £6 bowls of brazilian superfood acai berries . the acai berry is a rich purple fruit indigenous to the amazon rainforest . for hundreds of years, the small dark berries have been integral to the diet of native amazonian people .
image shows one of saturn's outer moons, measuring 255 by 161 miles (410 by 260km) named hyperion, the moon's porous surface can be seen in incredible detail . cassini was around 38,500 miles (62,000 km) from hyperion when the image was taken .
the flub by a graphics person, made on the east coast feed of the morning show, was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online . today had interviewed 70-year-old michaels for a story matt lauer did on a new york gathering for people listed by time magazine as the 100 most influential in the world . michaels, a native of toronto, made the cut for the second time since 2008 .
charleston mayor joseph riley: "this is a heartbreaking tragedy for everyone in our community" scott ran from his car after a traffic stop and was shot while fleeing from officer michael slager . slager has been fired and faces the death penalty if convicted on a murder charge .
photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public, drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles . some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the stars and stripes . young people represent the largest societal bloc in iran, with over 63 per cent of population under 30 .
kylie leuluai faces another six weeks out of action for leeds rhinos . the 37-year-old has not played since leeds' only defeat at warrington . brian mcdermott had feared leuluai could be out for three months if he needed a bicep operation .
obama and castro will have a substantive 'discussion' tomorrow at a regional summit the two men are attending this weekend in panama . it will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange . apart from a couple of brief, informal encounters, apart from a couple of brief, informal encounters, the leaders of the u.s. and cuba have not had any significant meetings since cuba's 1959 revolution .
ruben blundell's brother theo was four days overdue when mother went into labour . left with no time to get to hospital, family had to deliver baby at home . ruben helped in birth by fetching towels and telling mother to breathe .
tony pulis has discussed pre-season plans with saido berahino . the england under 21 striker has said he wants to play champions league football . berahino shares the same agent as raheem sterling, aidy ward .
the cocaine was seized by u.s. and canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern pacific ocean near central and south america . it included a 101 ⁇ 2-ton bust from a coastal freighter, the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009 . thursday's arrival marked the second time that the cutter boutwell returned home with a huge load of drugs .
dante de blasio, 17, has been accepted into yale and brown universities . he will make his decision at the end of the month . despite his six figure salary as mayor, de blasio is expected to turn to financial aid to help pay for his son's elite education .
the duchess of cambridge has worn hobbs, seraphine and asos repeatedly . the mid-range label has taken her through everything from evening events to international tours . simon glazin says the duchess plays it safe when it comes to her wardrobe .
nadir ciftci celebrates by kissing opposition goalkeeper scott bain . dundee earn first win in a derby for more than 10 years . jake mcpake and paul heffernan also on target for dundee .
a national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 australian families . four in five families use technology to deal with bored children . another 70 per cent give their kids treats to sweeten the ride . 20 per cent of nsw families admit they have used sedatives like phenergan to knock their kids out so their journey will be more pleasant .
lydia bright said ed miliband 'definitely' topped her list of political leaders . the reality tv star said she would 'snog or marry ed because he's the best-looking one out of them all'
police arrested 12 protesters thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of mauna kea where one of the world's largest telescopes is being built . native hawaiian groups do not oppose the thirty meter telescope itself but disagree with the location of the construction . about 300 people took part in the demonstration and those who were arrested were released after they each posted a $250 bail .
the sokaze-ki q uses fluid dynamics to take air in small inlets on the rear . it is then moved using so-called impellers through specially designed channels . this airflow pulls in additional air from air inlets plotted around the q . all of this air is released through the main outlet on the 10-inch device . panasonic japan, which designed the device, said that once the turbofan has moved the air flow to the front, a 'high-pressure jet airflow' creates straight, direct blasts of air .
puren was youngest brother of final qing monarch puyi, who ruled until 1912 . 96-year-old died on friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia . puyi became emperor in 1908 when he was two years and ten months old .
born on january 25 and almost three months old, the quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the tobu zoo in saitama prefecture . initially hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors, the cubs were encouraged by their mother, cara, aged nine . curiosity soon got the better of the cubs, who began playing around the water area . then trouble struck; one accidentally fell into the play pool . noticing that he
advertising entrepreneur john singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of new south wales . the luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the pacific ocean . designed by esteemed architect karen burke and master-built by matt blair, the exquisite design captures the essence of the quintessential australian beachside holiday home . the property still holds a suburb record of $4.25 million from 2007, with the highest sale since then being $2.7 million .
warning graphic images . kadeem brown, 25, was thrown across a median in the bronx, new york . conditions were so icy he slid into the opposite curb before coming to a stop . his green taxi struck and killed five-year-old tierre clark .
emir spahic was involved in a fight with security personnel after bayern munich's quarterfinal defeat to bayern munich . the bosnian international was sacked for the offence . leverkusen have released spahic from his contract with immediate effect .
a third of australian women are not finding time for their hobbies and passions . more women had foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance 'more important' things than had men . clinical psychologist and happiness institute wellness expert dr paula watkins says its important to create space for the things we love to be happy . twenty per cent of women are inspired to start new hobbies through social media .
a 66-year-old man was arrested and charged with a 'breach of the peace' he allegedly set an australian flag on fire at the shrine of remembrance in brisbane's anzac square on friday afternoon . the man, from palm beach in brisbane's south, will face brisbane magistrate's court on the morning of saturday's 100th anzac day commemoration service .
aussie filmmaker kieran murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks americans to attempt the australian accent . he recently spent months travelling across the us, and documented his interactions with locals all around the country . from a homeless man who was insistent upon telling his story about britney spears, to a man who insisted murray was saying 'get out of my nightgown', the filmmaker captured it all .
arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi-final on saturday evening . arsene wenger says something must be done to solve fixture scheduling mess . the gunners boss also branded rumours that he will be replaced by borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp as 'ridiculous' .
the classic english pastry is the perfect accompaniment to a creamy latte . espressos are best paired with chocolate truffles or mini raspberry coulis . flat whites are best accompanied by a blueberry muffin . a plain black coffee is best drunk with a glazed ring doughnut .
officer ben johnson was answering reports of a drunk woman inside a strip mall in red rock, texas, on tuesday . when he arrived, he found viviana keith, 27, and began handcuffing her . johnson claims she started resisting him, forcing him to pull a take-down . video taken by a person in a nearby shop shows johnson throwing keith to the ground, knocking her unconscious . keith has been charged with dwi with a child younger
students from zeta beta tau at university of florida and emory university . accused of deplorable behavior during warrior beach retreat on april 17 . ex-servicemen from both iraq and afghanistan attended with their families . some attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and threw beer off balcony . hotel security managed to get situation under control but no arrests were made .
chelsea face manchester city in the fa youth cup final on saturday . jose mourinho says he cannot have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids . john terry was the last truly successful youth product at chelsea .
online pirates have unveiled nearly half of the show's next season, which is scheduled to debut its first episode tonight . the episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on saturday night, and are thought to have leaked from review copies given to the press . the first four episodes have been downloaded more than 550,000 times as of early sunday morning .
number of deaths per year in britain will rise by 20 per cent over next 20 years . a simple funeral, with a minister and undertaker, now costs £3,590 . funeral costs have already risen by 80 per cent over the past ten years .
celtic beat inverness caley thistle 1-0 in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . inverness defender josh meekings was sent off for a handball . chris sutton has called for more accountability for officials .
jeff williams has agreed a deal to join bath at the end of the season . the 26-year-old has scored 36 tries on the world series circuit . williams helped england win the tokyo sevens earlier this month .
novak djokovic beat alexandr dolgopolov 6-7 (3/7) 7-5 6-0 on tuesday . world number one will face david ferrer in the quarter-finals . andy murray and kei nishikori also through to the last eight .
linden adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at kent state university in ohio on wednesday . the 56-year-old, who works in the college of applied engineering, can be heard shouting: 'what kind of moron are you?' he was then dragged to the ground as he tried to grab the windshield wipers . adkins suffered road rash and was treated at the scene .
four-year-old cockapoo has travelled the globe visiting 11 countries and 23 destinations . she takes more trips with her owner every year than the average briton and has covered nearly 25,000 miles since 2011 . among the landmarks they have visited are the eiffel tower, new york’s central park and the berlin wall .
the black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia’s cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning . video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch . after a few hours, animal control officers were able to coax the raccoon down from the flagpole .
siobhan-marie o'connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley . o'connor's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year . hannah miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65 . aimee willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30 .
the giant arrows were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways, showing pilots the direction they needed to fly in . after world war one, the us postal service began to use surplus war planes for mail delivery . the arrows define a moment in history when the us postal service began delivering air mail . retired couple brian and charlotte smith have travelled across the us to photograph the monuments .
prince harry is due to arrive monday in australia for a four-week stint with the armed forces . he has already spent time with australian troops on a number of occasions during his 10-year military career .
sir john major will ignore warnings from his former scottish secretary lord forsyth . he said talking up threat posed by snp was 'short-term and dangerous' sir john will say a labour deal with separatists would mean higher taxes, more debt and fewer jobs - as well as another independence referendum .
documents obtained by cnn show missouri national guard used militarized words to describe protesters . the language intensified concerns of some who objected to police officers' actions in putting down riots .
raheem sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with liverpool . pedro would command £90,000-a-week wages at barcelona . the 27-year-old would cost less than sterling would sell for . sterling has attracted interest from manchester city, chelsea, arsenal and bayern munich .
crystal mcnaughton from long beach, california, filmed the moment her newborn son paul started welling up to a rousing song from glee . as the lea michele version of the track o holy night plays, a look of sadness spreads across the tiny infant's face .
raheem sterling says he is not a money-grabbing 20-year-old . england winger turned down a £100,000-a-week contract at liverpool . sterling insists he is focused on winning trophies for the time being .
tom daley hopes his new 'firework' dive can help win rio 2016 gold . the former world champion spent most of last year battling to master his dive . daley spent long hours on trampoline perfecting technique . the dive finally got its premiere at the british championships .
kamron taylor, 23, was convicted of murdering a prison guard in kankakee, illinois . he jumped the guard, then took off with his uniform and suv . chicago police tracked him down overnight .
reps from comcast and time warner cable plan to meet with us department of justice officials on wednesday . the meeting would aim to negotiate possible concessions addressing competition concerns . there are also concerns the combined company would have unfair leverage against tv channel owners and businesses offering online video programming . the proposed meeting will be the first time the cable companies have met with regulators since announcing their proposed deal a year ago .
at least 147 people were killed at garissa university college . investigators marked the locations of the dead with numbered tags .
vote on the first story john sutter will report on for the rest of the year . john sutter: i need your help to make this effort "2 degrees"
bobbi kristina, 22, was found unconscious on january 31 in emory university hospital in decatur, georgia . on monday, her father bobby brown visited her at the dekalb medical center in decatur, georgia, where she is being cared for . while over the weekend bobby claimed that his daughter was awake, her maternal grandmother cissy houston clarified on monday that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma' .
everton beat burnley 1-0 at goodison park on saturday . romelu lukaku has scored 18 goals for the toffees this season . belgian striker hailed the work ethic of strike partner arouna kone .
hiv specialists and network security experts created 'hybrid spreading' model . it accurately predicted patients' progression from hiv to aids in clinical trial . team say early treatment is key to staving off aids in the long term .
authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to china . police, customs officers, border control and even bank credit agencies will be contacted . 109 million chinese tourists in 2014, who spent $164 billion .
germanwings flight 4u814 to venice was diverted to stuttgart . airbus a319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil, airline said in a statement . yesterday, another plane forced to make an unscheduled landing in venice . germanwings has been in the spotlight after one of its planes crashed into a mountain in the french alps last week, killing all 150 people on board .
10 war widows have travelled to gallipoli for anzac day on saturday . jean pockett is the widow of private arthur pockett, who fought on the western front during the first world war . mrs pockett experienced a little heart scare as she arrived in turkey on thursday . she is one of 10 widows brought to gallipoli by the department of veteran's affairs .
walter smith has praised stuart mccall for his impact at rangers . mccall has put rangers in the driving seat for second place in the scottish championship and a place in the semi-finals of the play-offs . mccoist was put on gardening leave just before christmas after three-and-a-half difficult seasons in charge .
maxwell morton, 16, of jeannette, pennsylvania, charged with murder in the death of 16-year-old ryan mangan on february 4 . morton's lawyer and family insisted he and mangan were friends and there was no animosity between the two young men . during a hearing wednesday, a police officer testified that morton was trying to take a picture of mangan with the cellphone aimed down the barrel of the gun before pulling the trigger . thomassey says morton panic
kevin pietersen has lashed out at graham gooch for commenting on his attempted england comeback . gooch appeared on bbc radio five live on sunday and took a broadly supportive stance of pietersen, who has re-signed for surrey . gooch went as far as saying pietersen had 'wiped the floor with the ecb' in the lengthy pr battle since his sacking in 2014 .
karen buckley went missing after a night out in glasgow at the weekend . her body was found at high craigton farm, north of the city, yesterday . a man, believed to be 21-year-old alexander pacteau, has been arrested . he made a brief appearance in a private hearing at glasgow sheriff court today . miss buckley's parents marian and john joined hundreds of mourners at vigil .
amira abase, 15, left bethnal green with shamima begum, 15, and kadiza sultana, 16 . they are believed to be living in the syrian city of raqqa, near raqqa . now, amira has tweeted from inside the islamic state for the first time . bragged about western-style takeaway dinner of chicken, chips, pizza and meat .
joshua vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on platform at chapeltown, sheffield . his girlfriend had sent his mother a message on facebook saying he was on platform and that 'he was going to end it' his mother stacey vaughan said she immediately phoned joshua and found he was crying . mrs vaughan called police, but by the time she got to station, joshua's body had already been found on the line, inquest heard .
cesc fabregas will wear a special protective face mask for chelsea . spanish midfielder broke his nose during chelsea's win over stoke city . fabregas travelled to milan on tuesday with chelsea medical director paco biosca to have the mask fitted .
pg&e pipeline rupture killed eight people in san bruno, california, in september 2010 . $850 million will go toward "gas transmission pipeline safety infrastructure improvements" $50 million will go toward "other remedies to enhance pipeline safety," commission says .
jack johnson became the first black world heavyweight champion . the texan beat tommy burns in 1908 to win the title . johnson's victory caused consternation in america for one simple reason: he was black and a black man had never held sport's greatest prize .
computer glitch affected 7,000 stores in the us and 1,000 in canada . starbucks said stores are expected to open for 'business as usual' saturday . the outage began in the early evening on the east coast and in the late afternoon on the west coast .
clayton donaldson scored a late winner for birmingham city in the fa cup semi-finals at the madejski stadium on wednesday night . reading were involved in a dramatic 2-1 defeat against arsenal, after extra-time, in the last four of the cup on saturday . adam federici, whose fumble led to alexis sanchez's winning goal, was retained as were six of his fellow starters from wembley .
newcastle have slipped out of the top four and out of champions league contention . john carver says his players need to relieve the pressure with a win . liverpool travel to anfield to face newcastle on monday night .
ordinary tennis fans face a scramble for davis cup quarter-final tickets . there will be a capacity of 7,000 for july's match against france . but well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters who created an electric atmosphere in glasgow for last month's first round . the lawn tennis association acceded to the wishes of andy murray and gb captain leon smith to play the tie on grass .
as of friday, 142 people have tested positive for hiv in scott and jackson counties . this is a huge number of cases for an area that has a population of only a few thousand people .
body of charmain adusah, 41, discovered by hotel staff face down in bath . husband eric isaiah adusah alleged to have left hotel hurriedly . close family friend claims he flew back to london but later returned .
nicole mcdonough, 32, of mount olive, new jersey, was arrested in december on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student . a subsequent investigation revealed that the married teacher also allegedly engaged in improper 'communication' and 'fraternization' with two other 18-year-old male students . on monday, mcdonough applied for morris county's pre-trial intervention (pti) program, which provides first-time, non-violent offenders with alternatives to traditional prosecution
carly booth is currently in mauritius for a photo shoot with golf punk magazine . the 22-year-old has been keen to show off her impressive bikini body . the scot is currently ranked world no 520 .
aston villa and reading have been charged by the fa over crowd disturbances . villa beat west brom 2-0 at villa park in the sixth round of the fa cup . reading beat bradford 3-0 in a replay at the madejski stadium on saturday .
the human rights commission said in a notice filed thursday that there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the stonehenge village complex's gym . the rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65, while market-rate tenants aren't, according to a complaint last year from tenants' association president jean green dorsey . dorsey said being barred from using the gym 'smacked of second-class citizenship' for rent-stabilized tenants .
brisbane based dj-duo mashed n kutcher offered a keyboard and microphone to members of the public and invited them to bash out a melody . the black-and-white clip has clocked up over 1.25 million views in under a week . last month, the boys released a similar video which saw them order pizza and collaborate with the likes of david guetta .
karen catherall, 45, was brutally beaten and strangled to death by darren jeffreys . the pair had been drinking at a pub in flintshire, north wales, weeks earlier . jeffreys followed her and attacked her in an alcohol-fuelled rage, police say . he only called paramedics the following morning and claimed he thought ms catherall was sleeping, but later admitted murder and was jailed for life in february . ms catherall
betty johnson, 86, was a kansas city chiefs ticket holder since 1986 . the great-great grandmother had said goodbye to everyone except her team . but her wish was granted on thursday after chiefs hall of famer nick lowery visited and she passed away shortly after . a devoted fan, she would sit front row on the 45-yard line during home games .
voodoo tacos has teamed up with the university of nebraska at omaha to launch a taco cannon . the taco will hurtle into the stands at sporting events .
ss sergeant oskar groening, 93, is set to go on trial charged with complicity . auschwitz survivors and relatives of those murdered there filed into court . they spoke of pain, pride and duty in confronting 'cog' in genocide .
ukip has fallen 18 points behind the tories and seven points behind labour . mr farage admits he 'made some mistakes' but insists he is 'rejuvenated and enjoying it again'
koral reef, 20, was a blushing bride in july 2013 as she married her high school sweetheart corey pier . the couple were barely even out of high school when reef began showing symptoms like headache, fatigue and stiff neck . by october 2014, reef would be dead. she was 20-years-old . meister believes reef picked up the deadly and mysterious balamuthia mandrillaris infection during a may 2013 trip to lake havasu .
nirvana, kurt cobain, john lennon, freddie mercury and chilli peppers are all blended into one . unusual project by men's face product company west coast shaving .
manchester united boss louis van gaal is in the running for manager of the year . the dutchman has breathed life into a giant and resurrected it back to rude health at old trafford . the critics will probably say he hasn't won anything this season . radamel falcao and angel di maria have failed to hit the heights .
gates, the world's richest man, says the world's demand for meat can be met with 'moderation and innovation' he says some of the impacts of meat farming have been overstated . instead he believes it will be possible to provide enough meat for the world's growing population as demand in developing countries increases .
leeds striker steve morison is surprised by the current circus at elland road . six players withdrew from the squad on the eve of saturday's trip to charlton . neil redfearn described the sextet's absence as a 'freakish set of events' .
cate mcgregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the australian army . it took less than an hour for the federal liberal leader to call ms mcgregor after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her . ms mcgregor recalled that moment - during her address to the national press club on wednesday - when the prime minister told her 'it was okay' the senior military official did not express the same kind of appraisal when it came to mr abbott's
a reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss . the user passive-aggressively apologises for a number of unfortunate incidents . they apologise for the death of a step-mother, sickness and subsequent doctor's appointments .
danila kislitsyn was found guilty of killing 1,000 dogs in vladivostok, russia . the 31-year-old would use poisoned sausages to kill strays and pets . kislitsyn believed dogs were to blame for him contracting tuberculosis . he was arrested as part of a campaign by animal-rights activists .
paul parker's passport was listed on ebay for £5,000 on tuesday . expired passport was listed earlier in march but seller was open to offers . parker played for manchester united and england between 1991 and 1996 .
john and elizabeth knott lived in an 'idyllic' £500,000 retirement cottage . but mr knott, 71, had been struggling to cope after his wife developed alzheimer's and a travelling family bought a plot of land next door . he had spent months battling plans for a traveller encampment on the land . mr knott shot his wife dead before turning the gun on himself, an inquest heard .
researchers from the university of patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers’ faces, before and after drinking four glasses of wine . they then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober and drunken images pixel-by-pixel . the algorithm determines a person’s state of intoxication by looking at the temperature of their forehead and nose .
ryuichi kiyonari bettered the donington park lap record to take put his buildbase bmw on to pole start . the japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds . he headed off the close attentions of james ellison by just 0.029secs .
didier drogba has revealed he will continue his playing career next season . the ivorian made a shock return to chelsea last summer after leaving in 2012 . the 37-year-old is yet to be offered a new contract at stamford bridge .
the inspirational ms giffords, 44, walked through the airport using a cane on thursday . she was accompanied by her husband, retired astronaut mark kelly, and a young woman who carried several bags . ms giffords was shot in the head by a gunman as she made a speech at a supermarket in tucson, arizona, four years ago .
andy carroll is currently overseas with a hammers physio and his pregnant fiancee billi mucklow as he continues his recovery from knee surgery . the west ham striker will not have a break over the summer as he will be working hard at the club's chadwell heath training ground . carroll had surgery after injuring his medial knee ligament against southampton in february .
louis smith, 25, shot to fame after winning both a bronze and silver medal at the 2012 london olympic games . the strictly come dancing star is now gaining expertise in an area previously dominated by queen of the 'belfie', kim kardashian .
doctors have told francis to cut pasta intake to two servings a week . they are concerned about the sedentary lifestyle of the 78-year-old leader . weight is thought to be aggravating his sciatica, a nerve condition .
david cameron said he knows 'fears and worries' remain when it comes to immigration . he said: 'i am not one of those politicians who says they ‘get’ how people feel about immigration then speaks differently in private'
manchester city play chelsea in the first leg of the fa youth cup final . the match will take place at city's 7,200-capacity academy stadium . the second leg takes place next monday at stamford bridge .
kim richards, 50, was arrested at the swanky polo lounge at the beverly hills hotel on april 16 . she refused to leave because she was 'angry and frightened' richards told dr phil that she had a glass of vodka at her daughter brooke's house . the recovering alcoholic told dr phil: 'if you’re an alcoholic that has fallen off the wagon, you’re in there pouring a drink, and then you roll into a bar at midnight
homestay.com lists options for single people, couples and families in cities, established holiday areas or farther afield . at best, homestays are offered by hosts who want to help you understand their country or district . a thorough search of airbnb will yield yurts in mongolia, castles in the alps, treehouses in new england and igloos in the canadian arctic .
asia siddiqui, 31, and noelle velentzas, 28, were arrested in queens, ny on thursday for allegedly plotting a terrorist attack . siddiqui was friends with al qaeda magazine inspire, which was the precursor to inspire . samir khan, an american citizen, was killed in a 2011 drone strike in yemen . before that he published several articles in inspire, including a bomb-making guide which the boston bombers allegedly used .
harvey weinstein, 63, was accused of groping ambra battilana, 22, in his manhattan office on march 27 . the british-born fashion designer, who turned 39 on tuesday, shared an instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her . 'thank you for my beautiful flowers!!! #wonderfulhusband #birthday,' she wrote alongside the photo . the da's office decided not to prosecute weinstein .
chelsea beat stoke city 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . diego costa came off with a hamstring injury shortly after coming on . loic remy and eden hazard were on the scoresheet for chelsea .
arsenal signed calum chambers from southampton for £16million in july . the 20-year-old has already made 36 appearances for the gunners . chambers made his debut in the community shield at wembley .
tugce taskin, 26, was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway . it then hit another car coming the other way in the north-western city of istanbul . witnesses said it was a 'miracle' that adem kilic, 31, survived the crash . ms taskin was burned to death and mr kilic is in a critical condition in hospital .
watford secured promotion back to the premier league on saturday . slavisa jokanovic's side beat brighton 2-0 in the early kick-off . middlesbrough and norwich both dropped points at the amex stadium . fulham beat boro 4-3 in stoppage time after rotherham equalised .
mohammed alam, sayed juied and sadek miah raided 21 muti-million pound homes . over the course of 11 months the gang broke into homes in west london, hertfordshire and surrey . they took a ferrari, porches, minis, paintings and cash worth £1million . if valuables were locked in a safe, they would simply cut it out . the gang treated burglary 'like a job, a profession', police said .
the hospital of dolls, or ospedale delle bambole, was built by the squatriti family 60 years ago . today their descendants, federico squatriti, 52, and his 82-year-old mother gelsomina continue the family tradition . the family business first began restoring delicate items such as ceramic, tortoiseshell and mosaics .
a 15-year-old girl from cape town is detained at the airport, south africa's security minister says . authorities received information she was leaving the country to join isis, he says .
julie walters, 49, posed as both a council warden and a church official . she stole cash from elderly residents in sheltered housing complexes . caught after she was spotted on cctv loitering in communal hall of retirement home near to old trafford football ground . an 80-year-old man and an 81-year-old woman were fleeced in two separate attacks . walters has been jailed for two and a half years at manchester crown court .
new indie music was first piped into the cabin during boarding and disembarking . rockers include the xx, haim, phantogram and hozier . the airline is tapping into the youth market with the new on board playlists .
mazzy, who suffers from spina bifida, was on board a southwest airlines flight over the us when the entire plane sang her happy birthday . mom brein bjorson marzano was flying with mazzy and her other daughter birkly from tampa to pittsburgh on their way home from vacation . to the family's surprise the entire plane sang happy birthday and made the passengers on the plane pretend that the overhead lights were candles for mazzy to blow out .
kolo toure has warned raheem sterling about the dangers of leaving liverpool . sterling has turned down a new £100,000-a-week contract at anfield . toure compared sterling's situation to that of jack rodwell and scott sinclair .
woolworths launched 'fresh in our memories' last week . it invites aussies to upload images to remember those who fought for their country . the supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign . customers took to facebook and twitter to vent their anger .
hundreds of payday lenders will be wiped out by tougher rules, experts have predicted . comes as wonga revealed it racked up a £37.3million loss last year . it follows significant reduction in uk consumer lending as it attempts to clean up its tarnished image .
photographer laurence rasti flew to iran to explore her fascination with identity issues . rasti: "i couldn't understand that in iran (homosexuality) isn't accepted"
libby jane wilson was playing in a tunnel at a play park in chorley, lancashire . the two-year-old was savaged by a jack russell which bit her face . her father alex heard her screaming and kicked the dog away from her . but the dog's owner called the dog back and fled the scene .
kevin pietersen believes michael vaughan is the right man to lead england cricket . vaughan captained england in the 2005 ashes before being sacked by the ecb . pietersen believes vaughan can 'change the brand of cricket currently being played' .
marouane fellaini was substituted at half-time against everton on sunday . the manchester united midfielder spent tuesday chilling out with his brother mansour . fellaini was the subject of a mix-up with chelsea boss jose mourinho .
tripadvisor's annual cost comparison report compared cost of hotel incidentals . in sofia, bulgaria, a one night's stay and room service costs £63.78 . in new york, guests can expect to pay up to £276.61 for a four-star hotel stay .
carol lloyd was left covered in blood after rocks were thrown at her car window . 200 protesters pelted passing vehicles and police with rocks near johannesburg . south african police responded by firing rubber bullets and tear gas . six people have been killed in the violent protests which started two weeks ago .
arsenal have won 15 out of 17 games since new year's day . the gunners are 13 points behind leaders chelsea in the premier league . arsene wenger's side are favourites to win the fa cup again . but the pressure on wenger has come too late .
the eossc2 concept car was created at the dfki robotics centre in germany . it can turn on the spot, shrink in size and even move sideways, like a crab . the arthropods flex the second joint of each leg to move sideways . car is intended to be semi-autonomous and connect to others to form a train .
edinburgh face london irish in the european challenge cup on sunday . dougie fife, alasdair dickinson and ross ford were rested for last week's guinness pro12 26-15 win over scarlets in llanelli . head coach alan solomons has named his strongest xv .
u.s. attorney ronald machen told house speaker john boehner in a seven-page letter that lerner could wrap herself in the u.s. constitution's fifth amendment . lerner has long been in the gop's crosshairs because she led the irs department tasked with approving nonprofit groups' applications for tax-exempt status . the house oversight and government reform committee had subpoenaed lerner after she refused to testify voluntarily about her role in the scandal .
the lamborghini crashed into a guardrail at walt disney world speedway . a 36-year-old passenger was pronounced dead at the scene .
maksims uvarenko has not been paid by cska sofia for three months . latvian goalkeeper has had to ask parents for money to pay his rent . cska have faced a series of financial problems since 2006 sale of club . bulgarian tycoon vasil bozhkov angered fans by sacking serbian coach miodrag yesic .
where chefs eat has more than 3,000 chef recommendations . love food hate waste will store details of all the foods you have at home . british street food has live gps to show you where to get free cocktails .
dr ram manohar, 38, accused of inappropriately touching nurses in 2013 . a&e consultant allegedly groped one breast and said 'you bad girl' manohar denies four counts of sexual assault at liverpool crown court .
labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be nicola braithwaite and her friends . one of the group from knutsford spotted the leader's bus when she popped outside the westminster hotel for a cigarette and alerted the bride . after brief negotiations with his spin doctors, the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes in a white and blue dress .
tesco, asda and sainsbury's posted combined profits of £3.9bn last year . between them, tesco paid £519m in tax but received £364m in public subsidy . tesco paid £519m in tax but received £364m in public subsidy . asda spent £150m in tax but its 120,000 low-paid workers received £221m .
ed and justine miliband first met at a dinner party hosted by stephanie flanders . the labour rising star was chief economics adviser to gordon brown . mrs miliband was 'furious' when she found out he was 'secretly' dating her .
emma giffard, 36, and ollie halls, 37, bought the cinema for £1,200 in 2005 . they spent £35,000 on restoring it and touring the country with the bus . the classic bus became a celebrity, starring alongside melvyn bragg in a 20-part bbc2 series 'the reel history of britain'
president obama met world-class sprinter usain bolt on thursday . he asked the six-time olympic champion to show him his signature pose . obama then joined bolt in striking his trademark 'lightning pose' bolt wrote on instagram that it was 'truly a great honor meeting the president of united states of america'
chelsy davy showcased her style credentials as she stepped out in london . the ex-girlfriend of prince harry radiated health thanks to a bronze glow . the 29-year-old seemed in high spirits, smiling as she made her way down the street wearing tan wedges and a crisp white blouse .
the 13 democratic and republican senators wrote to fifa on tuesday . they said they 'strongly encourage' fifa to move the global competition . england are planning a bid to host euro 2028 after last holding the tournament at home in 1996 .
moira gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at st james's palace in westminster . she collided with a tipper lorry at the junction of millbank and horseferry road . art and design figure had recently been chosen to oversee windsor castle renovations .
hundreds of mourners have gathered to farewell three children who died when their mother's car crashed into a melbourne lake . bol manyang, one, his four-year-old sister hanger and her twin brother madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at st andrew's church in werribee on saturday . their mother akon guode and father joseph tito manyang sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister awel, 5, who survived the
the tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at rhossili in south wales - voted the uk's number one beach . visitors to the tip of the gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles, surrounded by rolling welsh hills . trust manager paul boland defended spending the hefty sum to buy the car park from private landowners . day-long charges will be £4 - an increase of 50p from the existing charge but with a new £2 two-hour charge .
muhammad naviede, 60, died instantly in a plane crash in buckinghamshire . he sent a text to a relative saying his piper tomahawk aircraft was going down . investigation by air accident investigation branch found no fault . mr naviede was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a £45million fraud . his daughter is a former x-factor contestant and he had links to cherie blair .
jamie carragher backed brendan rodgers to stay at anfield . liverpool have gone three straight seasons without a trophy . carragher received a beacon award for his community work on merseyside .
iraqi forces take control of the northern city of tikrit . they find vehicles laden with explosives and buildings that might be booby-trapped .
lewis hamilton is the richest sportsman in britain with a fortune of £88million . wayne rooney has overtaken jenson button to be in second place . rooney's overall wealth is up £12million to £72million .
arsenal captain mikel arteta is set to miss saturday's fa cup semi-final . the 33-year-old has recovered from a minor ankle problem . the spaniard signed for arsenal on transfer deadline day 2011 .
kent sprouse was put to death by lethal injection in texas on thursday . sprouse was convicted of the 2002 slayings of a police officer and a customer at a gas station outside of dallas . sprouse also shot and killed pedro moreno, 38, who was pumping gas nearby . a jury decided in 2004 that he should be executed, but unsuccessful appeals have focused on whether he was mentally ill at the time of the slayings .
massage therapist suzi cinalli outlines her top tips to boost concentration . she says massaging your 'third eye', the point between your eyebrows, can help . pumpkin seeds provide the recommended daily amount of zinc .
stoke city are interested in signing sampdoria midfielder pedro obiang . the 23-year-old spaniard is available for around £6million . obiang has been capped at youth level by spain .
rio de janeiro has just over a year to go before hosting the 2016 olympics . scores of dead fish have appeared in the rodrigo de freitas lagoon . officials have launched an investigation into the causes of death .
erica kinsman says jameis winston raped her in december 2012 . winston has said the sex was consensual . kinsman also sued florida state university in january .
dr sanjay gupta is in kathmandu to cover the aftermath of saturday's deadly earthquake . the neurosurgeon performed a craniotomy on the 15-year-old girl after a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside . sandhya only reached kathmandu's bir hospital two days after the quake and by that point, blood had collected in the top of her brain .
rickie fowler has been dating bikini model alexis randock since 2014 . dustin johnson is engaged to model and pop singer paulina gretzky . lindsey vonn is a four-time world champion alpine ski racer . rory mcilroy is bidding to complete a career grand slam .
cindy santamaria-williams, of stroudsburg, pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on easter sunday . she tearfully told wpxi that she shushed three girls in the dark theater during fast and furious 7 because they were cursing loudly . santamaria-williams claims the unidentified teens waited for her outside the theater where they pummeled her .
catholic news service in america said the show encourages the audience to root for thomas cromwell, when in fact he was a 'monster' the depiction of sir thomas more, a catholic martyr, is 'not a pretty sight', said author joseph mcaleer . the comments echo criticisms voiced by clergy in the uk, who tore into the series for its 'perverse' depictions of the historical characters when it first aired .
ford, 45, was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma last year - a rare type of soft tissue cancer that begins in fat cells or fatty tissue . he was forced to quit his bid for re-election for mayor and instead ran for his old seat in toronto city council . he has undergone five rounds of chemotherapy and nearly a month of radiation, which has shrunk the tumor to a size where surgeons can operate . he hopes to return to work as a councilor in september .
zach yonzon runs the bunny baker cafe in manila with his wife . he uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces . the tools of his unique trade include a barbecue skewer, which he dips in dark chocolate .
mike holpin, 56, has fathered 40 children by 20 different women . despite being engaged for the fourth time, he still has a live profile . alcoholic benefits claimant paints himself as a doting father . but one of his many children has revealed he wishes he'd never met him .
the new england patriots coach was caught on camera ogling model chrissy teigen's posterior at a white house correspondents' dinner on saturday . his girlfriend linda holliday, who's dated belichick since 2006, was quick to forgive, saying, 'who didn't check her out in this photo?' john legend retweeted a photo of the 'incident,' which he dubbed 'spy gate' .
chris wallace, 67, was asked: 'have you seen kelly clarkson? you know the singer, kelly clarkson? holy cow, did she blow up' he replied: 'i admire her remarkable talent and that should have been the focus of any discussion about her' within minutes, wallace's response had sparked outrage online . now, the veteran news man has apologized for his 'offensive' remarks . clarkson, who is married to talent manager brandon blackstock, spoke of criticism about her weight on
rafael nadal beat john isner 7-6 (8/6) 4-6 6-3 in the monte carlo masters . roger federer was beaten 6-4 7-6 (7/5) by gael monfils . nadal will now face grigor dimitrov in the quarter-finals .
pm was giving campaign speech when he joked everyone should back his team . but he then named west ham instead of the west midlands giants . he said he had been 'overcome by something', adding: 'it was one of those things' labour said the gaffe exposed the prime minister as a 'phoney'
two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis after eating at sutton arms, stockton . environmental health called to pub after member of public complained . six of the 24 people sampled had clostridium perfringens - common cause . owner michael alan flegg, 68, pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences .
princess beatrice spotted at the bahrain grand prix, her fourth holiday in a month . the 26-year-old was spotted in the gulf state with her boyfriend dave clark . beatrice receives no public funding but her jet-set lifestyle raises eyebrows .
steelcase's the brody worklounge is an effort to preserve privacy and less distractions given in a cubicle . the seating will be available late august starting at $2,700 . the design is based on the cognitive neuroscience karolinska institute in sweden's work on flow - a passing state of deep concentration where workers are their most productive .
ringling bros. stops using elephants in its traveling circus . the circus has been a part of the feld family since 1967 . kenneth feld: "it's a family affair for our family but also for all the elephants"
manchester united lost 1-0 to chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . wayne rooney and louis van gaal were pleased with their display . the dutchman was forced into deploying rooney in midfield due to the absence of michael carrick .
boy, 13, allegedly walked into barcelona high school with a machete and crossbow . he is said to have shot and injured a female catalan teacher and her daughter . witnesses said he was late for class and shot the female teacher in the face . he then stabbed her 13-year-old daughter, who was also a student at the school . the boy is undergoing a psychiatric examination and will not face criminal charges because he is under the age of criminal responsibility in spain .
france blames the uk for a sharp rise in the number of youngsters who binge-drink . almost half of french 18 to 25 year olds have consumed alcohol solely to get drunk .
a federal criminal complaint says u.s. citizens are traveling overseas to wage jihad . noelle velentzas and asia siddiqui are accused of planning to build an explosive device . velentzas pulled a knife from her bra and showed siddiqui what to do if attacked, the complaint says .
jaime hessel says her driver had been on his phone, cut across lanes, and even driven down a bus lane during the 35-minute journey . she was stunned to receive a message from the cab-hailing app telling her she owed them thousands of dollars . uber says the figure was a clerical error and that the customer was never actually charged the outrageous sum .
the city of eugene in the united states has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 iaaf world championships . the decision was taken by the international association of athletics federations council . eugene failed in its bid to host the 2019 event, which was instead awarded to doha .
stoke drew 1-1 with west ham at upton park on saturday . marko arnautovic and mame diouf scored for the hosts . sam allardyce's side remain in the premier league top 10 .
david cameron was repeatedly interrupted while answering questions on radio 1 . host chris smith offered to bet £1,000 he wouldn't win a majority . listeners on twitter accused the programme of 'leftist hostility' and branded it 'appalling'
tracey cox says that gwyneth and chris' amicable split is refreshing . she says that gwyneth and chris should always put their children first . gwyneth and chris are sharing equal custody of their two children .
a third man has been charged after raids in melbourne led police to foil anzac day terror plot . the 18-year-old had his preventative detention order removed and was re-arrested . he will appear in melbourne magistrates' court on tuesday . police insider claimed the accused men planned to run down a police officer and then kill him with a knife .
three men, two women and four children detained at checkpoint in ogulpinar . turkey is a key staging ground for foreign fighters attempting to reach is . over the past three months more than a dozen britons have made the journey .
argentinian thief sofia davila, 21, posted raunchy pictures of herself online . she suggested men meet up for sex and would spike their drinks and rob homes . when men fell unconscious, she would spike their drinks and rob them . davila, from buenos aires, has been nicknamed the 'black widow of facebook' she is awaiting trial after admitting tricking 15 men and robbing them . two of her accomplices will also appear in court over the crimes .
joshua quincy burns, formerly of brighton, was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in livingston county jail for second-degree child abuse . his now-one-year-old daughter naomi suffered several injuries, including seizures, hypothermia, hypotension, bradycardia, apnea and retinal hemorrhages . he and his wife, brenda burns, say he is innocent, and that he grabbed their daughter's face when she slipped from his lap
rangers face hearts at ibrox on sunday in the championship . david templeton is adamant he can rekindle form he once showed in govan . hearts romped to the title with seven games to spare and currently sit 26 points in front of a rangers side fighting to finish as best of the rest ahead of the play-offs .
623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland in one month . officers call on parents to report children if they suspect them of lighting fires .
mark halsey has slammed the fa's decision to ignore mark clattenburg for the fa cup final between arsenal and aston villa on may 30 . the former premier league referee said the english game would be a 'laughing stock' over the decision . jon moss will take charge of the final between arsenal and aston villa .
johns hopkins university researchers reviewed 4,200 studies involving diets . only a few dozen met the scientific gold standard of reliability . only a few have shown users lose more weight than those not using them . others produce no better results than dieting on their own or getting health information elsewhere, while some may actually be harmful to health . but a handful - including weight watchers, the atkins diet, jenny craig and nutrisystem - do appear to be effective, according to long-term studies .
narcocon, a church of scientology-affiliated drug rehab network, wants to turn trout run, a 40-acre plot of land near camp david, maryland, into a drug rehab center . opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the site . narcocon uses sauna sessions and the teachings of scientology founder l. ron hubbard, and has been sued in the past for wrongful deaths .
amir khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently . british rival kell brook is set to feature on khan's wembley agenda . khan hasn't fought since his win over devon alexander in december .
abdul hadi arwani, 48, was found dead in his black volkswagen passat . a 36-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder . leslie cooper, 36, appeared in court charged with mr arwani's murder . a man and woman were arrested this week on suspicion of terror offences .
adrian heath is manager of the newest mls team orlando city . former manchester city midfielder has been at orlando for eight years . heath says english people are fascinated with america .
ed miliband today set out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers . he also wants to curb rent rises and give local people priority for new homes . but he wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on .
eden hazard, mesut ozil and joey barton feature in this week's xi . everton goalkeeper tim howard was man of the match against southampton . phil jagielka scored what turned out to be the winner for everton against southampton .
ellen stofan: "we're going to have strong indications of life beyond earth within a decade" former astronaut john grunsfeld: "once we get out beyond mars, the likelihood that it's similar to earth gets very, very low"
amir khan will fight chris algieri in new york on may 29 . kell brook defends his world welterweight title against frankie gavin . khan has repeatedly slammed kell brook for his comments .
william ziegler, 39, was jailed in 2001 for killing an acquaintance of his . russell allen baker was found dead next to his mobile home in 2000 . in 2012 his conviction was overturned by a judge who blasted his trial . today ziegler agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder . judge sentencing him to the 15 years and 50 days he has already served .
public housing tenants will pay a bond under a nsw government plan to recoup losses from trashed properties . the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing has hit $12 million in nsw alone . communities minister brad hazzard said it was a 'very likely possibility' the plan would be implemented in the near future . mr hazzard said he was unsure as to why public housing tenants have never been made to pay a bond .
renault suffered two blown engines in sunday's chinese grand prix . red bull owner dietrich mateschitz threatened to pull out of formula one . renault managing director cyril abiteboul understands mateschitz's frustrations .
teachers say youngsters have been playing truant trying to find stardom . producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges . move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in some schools .
kamron t. taylor, who has a history of escape attempts, fled from the jerome combs detention center in kankakee at about 3 a.m. wednesday . he somehow escaped from his cell, hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds . taylor, a 23-year-old from kankakee, was convicted of first-degree murder in february and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison .
luke shambrook, 11, was lost for four nights in the victorian bushland . he was found on tuesday three kilometres from where he went missing . he was suffering from exhaustion, dehydration and hypothermia . on wednesday he was reunited with his rescuers at royal children's hospital in melbourne .
eugenie bouchard was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by lauren davis in the second round . davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match and broke bouchard's serve twice in the final set to pull off the upset . bouchard was a semi-finalist last year but had struggled in the lead-up to the family circle cup in charleston .
lauren halliday and steven smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the randolph hotel . eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel, which featured in tv’s inspector morse . seventy firefighters fought the blaze and the damage was expected to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds .
detective patrick cherry was filmed ranting at an uber driver in west village . the uber driver, named only as humayun, repeatedly apologised to cherry . the nypd internal affairs bureau is now investigating the incident . the officer has been named as detective cherry of the joint terrorism task force .
samantha wills welcomed 'crash' into her family after he was thrown from his mother’s pouch when she was hit by a car . nine months on, the adorable marsupial lives a comfortable life with the wills family and even attends most of their social events . while kangaroos are known to grow as big as 1.8 metres tall, ms wills said they are enjoying their time with crash while he is small .
russian vessel oleg naydenov caught fire in las palmas port on april 11 . was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank 15 miles south of island . level 2 alert activated after analyzing ocean current data from spain . environmental group greenpeace criticised decision to tow vessel out to sea .
"funk" passes robin thicke's "blurred lines," featuring t.i. and pharrell . it's just the 10th single in the hot 100's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at no. 1 .
labour will ban bosses employing regular staff on zero-hours contracts for 12 weeks . ed miliband said it was 'not good enough' for millions of workers not to know hours . he said workers should be given right to demand 'regular contract if they do regular hours' after three months .
alfred hitchcock was born in 1899 in leytonstone, east london, the son of a wholesale grocer . hitchcock was neurotic fat boy with piggy eyes, filled with ‘lavish and peculiar’ repressed sexual fantasies . his entire oeuvre, ackroyd suggests, was a study of voyeurism, violence and guilt with, on the one hand, the rape and murder of vulnerable women .
flow vr provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft . this can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear . the system, designed by in-flight entertainment company flow ife, can also present travellers with high quality images of their destination .
richie benaud has died aged 84 in a sydney hospice surrounded by his wife daphne and family . he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november . prime minister tony abbott has offered his family a state funeral . benaud was instrumental in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s .
wing's in manchester attracts a certain type of clientele . wayne rooney visits the restaurant with his wife coleen . radamel falcao dined at the restaurant on the same day he signed for manchester united in a £6million loan deal from monaco .
a sydney family have claimed the body of a baby girl who was found buried on maroubra beach last year . filomena d'alessandro and bill green have claimed the infant's remains in order to provide her with a fitting farewell . the couple, who were married last year and have three children between them, managed to raise enough funds to provide the baby girl with a funeral . despite a lengthy investigation nsw police were unable to locate the family of the baby .
documents allege britain was spying on argentina between 2006 and 2011 . britain implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda . argentina invaded the falklands in 1982, costing 260 british and 650 lives .
roger lohse, a reporter with miami-area station wplg, was about to finish reporting on an 800-acre fire when his cameraman pointed out something behind him . as the camera zoomed in, live footage showed firefighters plucking a tiny black kitten from the edges of the smoldering blaze .
care staff asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses . these include changing catheter and colostomy bags and feeding through tube . worrying conclusions come in a survey of 1,000 workers employed by councils and private firms by trade union unison .
damon muller, 11, has been diagnosed with juvenile dermatomyositis (jdm) - a rare autoimmune disease that can only be treated with high doses of steroids and a chemotherapy-type drug . the disease has robbed damon of the ability to run, ride his bike and play outside freely in the sun . he has already been rushed to hospital once after his neck started swelling so much it almost closed his throat . there is a risk his heart could be impacted too .
madonna performed a stand-up routine on the tonight show on thursday . the 56-year-old has been lambasted for her first-ever stand-up routine . the singer took that tumble during her brits performance on thursday .
a. alfred taubman, who donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities, hospitals and museums, died on friday night at his home . his business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving a&w restaurant chain, for which he traveled to hungary to figure out why the country's sausage was so good . he also became a major backer of stem-cell research .
kendra moad of kearns, utah followed her grandfather out of the house friday morning and into the driveway . he did not see the 20-month-old toddler in front of his truck and ran over her . kendra suffered severe head trauma and was unconscious when medical workers arrived, and was pronounced dead shortly after . this is the fourth time since august that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in utah .
two prototypes of the cyg-11 seaplane were tested off the coast of haikou . aircraft uses reduced drag and increased lift from wing-in-ground effect . with a range of 930 miles (1,500 km), the aircraft can reach a top speed of 155 mph (250 km/h)
arizona's the wave in the u.s. and the fairy chimneys of turkey's cappadocia are some of the most unbelievable sights in the world . some of them are incredible natural deceptions, such as yellowstone national park's grand prismatic spring . the best photo opportunities come at midday but first visitors must get one of the 20 permits released each day .
clare verrall was walking her dog in prahran, melbourne, on wednesday night . a man jumped out from behind some bins and attacked her . she was left with a black eye, broken nose and broken toe . during the fight she kneed the man in the groin and kicked him . victoria police confirmed they are still searching for her attacker .
gertrude weaver, 116, of camden, arkansas, was already the oldest person in america . with the death of 117-year-old misao okawa in japan on wednesday, weaver became the world's oldest person . the staff at the silver oaks health and rehabilitation center in camden, about 100 miles southwest of little rock, said weaver is in good health . they say she attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair .
southwest airlines offered the most award tickets and the highest percentage of award tickets . jetblue offered the lowest percentage of award seats and the fewest number of award tickets . delta air lines came in second place with 5.6 million u.s. award seats .
hattie gladwell, 19, from west sussex, was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis . she had to have her colon removed and an ostomy bag fitted into her intestines . hattie has now written about her experience on her blog morethanyourbag.com .
manny pacquaio takes to instagram to thank spike lee and tito mikey . pacquaio faces floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 for $300m welterweight bout . the 36-year-old also thanks nba legend karl malone for visiting him .
john helinski was homeless and nameless for three years . his id and social security cards had been stolen . a cop and a case worker helped him get into the system .
gareth bale has not started eight of real madrid's 50 matches this season . the welshman missed wednesday night's champions league tie against atletico . the £86million man has scored 25 goals and conceded just one goal . real madrid have won 100 per cent of matches when bale has been away .
rama the elephant, who completed paintings with his trunk, died monday, oregon zoo officials announced on facebook . his leg was injured after female elephants shoved him out of the herd and into a moat in 1990 . rama's 32nd birthday would have taken place on wednesday .
burnley host tottenham in the premier league on sunday . michael duff believes sean dyche could one day take charge of england . dyche led burnley to unlikely promotion from the championship .
arsenal have won 16 of their last 18 games in all competitions . arsene wenger's side face chelsea in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . the gunners have a slim chance of winning the premier league .
dr ros altmann would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off charges . she would also be in charge of financial education and government policy . dr altmann will oversee government’s pension reforms .
mrs clinton said she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool . there she would spend three and a half hours looking 'heartbroken', it is claimed . the vivid account is written by kate andersen brower, a former white house correspondent for bloomberg news .
wicked pickets have started spray-painting over offensive slogans on the side of vans in brisbane . the community action group claims the slogans promote violence against women . wicked campers failed to remove offensive slogans from their fleet last year . over 120,000 people signed a petition to have the slogans removed . wicked camper ceo john webb promised to remove the slogans within six months .
the £420,000 piano was created for an 'influential sheikh' in doha, qatar . it took six months to build, with every crystal applied by hand . artist lauren baker said she has an obsession with working with crystals .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will fight on saturday, may 2, in las vegas . tickets for the fight are expected to sell for upwards of $130,000 . broadcasters showtime and hbo could miss out on millions if viewers illegally stream the content between their devices without paying . periscope allows users to broadcast a live stream to their social media followers . the video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user's phone .
meaningless symbols have been daubed on walls or pavements in lanarkshire . but the squiggles are actually thought to be a 'code' for potential housebreakers . they give potential housebreakers details about the building, such as whether it is a good target or has an alarm . other marks could suggest that the occupant is vulnerable or that there is nothing inside the property worth taking .
kristen bieniewicz of westland, the representative of her husband's estate, is suing bassel saad, along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league . saad, 37, was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter .
harold ekeh, 18, has been accepted to every ivy league school . he moved from nigeria to long island 10 years ago with parents paul and roseline ekeh . harold says his parents' struggle inspired him to take every opportunity .
tom moffatt, 27, inked riley - the name of his four-year-old son - into his arm . but instead of 'l', he started needling 'p' and had to 'scribble' over it . also attempted to mark himself with riley's nickname 'sonny boy' - but ended up scratching 'sony boy' across his knuckles instead .
the 'fullips' device, a sort of suction-thimble, has already been seen at west end parties, and is going viral online . arizona-based inventors linda gomez and her daughter krystle sell them for £30 . each one claims to give a different shaped pout to a different sized mouth .
sir philip carter has died aged 87 . former everton chairman also served as president of the football league and a vice-president of the football association . carter won two league titles, an fa cup and the european cup winners' cup under his stewardship .
two french tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth in western australia . the lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame . both men aged 18 and 24, and both currently living in cockburn central, were evicted from the island . they have each been charged with animal cruelty and will appear in fremantle magistrates court on april 17 .
youtube introduced the app in february as a 'safer' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to 'family-focused content' consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials . the activists say digital media should be subject to the same rules as television, which limits commercial content on kids' programming .
carl froch was due to fight julio cesar chavez jr. in las vegas . but he pulled out with a shoulder injury and instead took on andrzej fonfara . froch said he would be open to travelling to america to face chavez .
shanice farier, 22, stole £15,336 from kanoo travel in derby, court heard . she spent the money staying in hotels and living an 'opulent lifestyle' fashion conscious farier was ordered to do 240 hours of unpaid work . judge john burgess told her it was time to 'get her hands dirty' .
celebrities and music lovers gathered on friday in the southern california desert for the beginning of the annual coachella valley music and arts festival . this year's lineup includes rapper drake, florence and the machine, fka twigs, david guetta, kasabian, alt-j and toro y moi among others . models gigi hadid and kendall jenner, actor scott eastwood and actress annabella 'bella' thorne began documenting their travels
ibrahim al-rubaish was a religious scholar and combat commander, aqap says . he was released from a u.s. detention facility in saudi arabia in 2009 .
dave rickard and his wife brenda were on holiday in caernarfon, north wales . their west highland terrier daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea . strong currents began to pull her under and she was pulled from the water . mr rickard said: 'i instinctively started breathing in her mouth'
jessica mejia, 20, was killed when her drunk ex-boyfriend nicholas sord smashed into a pole in cook county, illinois in december 2009 . her mother, christina mejia, is suing the deputies for improperly stripping her body and taking photos of her at the side of the road . the deputies intentionally caused emotional distress to mejia's family, the lawsuit claims .
arlette ricci, 74, was determined to stash money in swiss accounts for 20 years . she denied hiding the equivalent of more than £15million through hsbc . but bugged phone conversations between heiress and daughter suggested otherwise .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show wednesday, and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the new jersey governor . fallon told christie he 'looked great,' and then gave him his favorite food - ice cream . christie then hoarded a pint of the ice cream, which he shared with fallon .
john allan said the cart is 'very firmly before the horse' if britain leaves eu . he suggested firms could move their head offices from london to other sites . tory manifesto includes promise of in-out referendum by 2017, but only after reform of britain's membership .
johnny depp, 51, and amber heard, 28, touched down in brisbane, australia, on tuesday morning local time . both were wearing their wedding bands, although missing from amber's ring finger was the huge sparkler johnny gave her on their engagement . the sighting comes just hours after people.com claimed they were 'leading separate lives' because they hadn't been photographed together in public since february 3 nuptials .
colombian-born manuela arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday's show . the model and host drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before contestant andrea had finished guessing . as the presenters realized what had happened, andrea shouted out 'i win!'
eric cantona believes javier pastore is the best player in the world . pastore has three goals and five assists this season for psg . lionel messi is not the best player in the world, according to cantona .
chelsea manning, 27, was convicted of espionage and sentenced to 35 years in prison in july 2013 . manning, born bradley, announced in april 2014 that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as chelsea elizabeth manning . in february, manning received approval to undergo hormone therapy for gender reassignment while in prison . she is not allowed to grow her hair long, which she sees as a major affliction
solomon khoorban, 33, raped a 16-year-old in a west end nightclub in 2003 . he then raped a 32-year-old woman at knifepoint in greenwich, london . khoorban, from woolwich barracks, london, went undetected for 12 years . he has now been jailed for 16 years at snaresbrooke crown court .
amber anderson, 27, has since been relieved of her duties at christian life academy in baton rouge . she was booked into prison on tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile . the incident has only now come to light after a former student told the victim's mother . the victim told police that he and anderson had exchanged sexually explicit text messages and later allegedly had sex at her home .
morgan schneiderlin, yannick bolasie and nathaniel clyne are wanted men . arsenal and manchester united circle like vultures this summer . liverpool are interested in a 23-year-old striker who has scored nine premier league goals .
the whole damn farm is the creation of sam longhurst, head chef of splendid kitchen, manchester . he was challenged by diners to create a burger containing three kinds of meat . encased between two brioche buns are two beef burgers, homemade bacon jam, 100g of ham chunks, a whole chicken thigh, barbequed pulled pork and bacon rashers .
lois lilienstein co-star of the canadian preschool show "sharon, lois & bram's elephant show" the show ran on nickelodeon from 1984 to 1989 .
until now it was thought that dark matter did not interact with anything other than gravity . durham university scientists studied a 'clump' of dark matter that appears to be lagging behind its galaxy - suggesting it interacts with itself . this is despite seeming to account for 85 per cent of the universe’s mass and having an effect on galaxies . but when it comes to the total energy in the universe, it is split in the proportions 68 per cent dark energy, 27 per cent dark matter and 5 per cent 'normal' matter .
martin guptill has been recalled to the new zealand test squad . the black caps batsman has not represented the black caps at test level since the 2013 tour of england . matt henry has been called up to the test squad for the first time .
david healy, head of psychiatry at the hergest psychiatric unit in bangor, north wales, said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact . he suggested that the success of so-called ssri drugs – which include prozac and seroxat – was based on the ‘marketing of a myth’ .
superyachts can sell for more than £50million, while others cost more than £400,000 a week to charter . sales and charter brokerages are kept busy with outrageous requests for everything from high-end food and entertainment to luxurious decor .
george kirby, 102, and doreen luckie, 91, from eastbourne, east sussex, will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988 . george said: 'i suppose it's about time. i definitely don't feel my age. doreen keeps me young' the pair will have a combined age of 194 years and 281 days - smashing the previous world record of 188 years set by a couple in 2013 .
one seal died and another was critically injured on friday at joint expeditionary base little creek-fort story in virginia . the two members of the navy's elite sea, air, land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member around 3pm local time . the names of the seals were withheld pending notification of next of kin .
labour leader came top in the sex appeal stakes during last night's debate . fans took to twitter to coo adoringly about his 'sexy grey tie' and looks . mr miliband was mocked for his inability to eat a bacon sandwich properly .
elephant was sold to provide rides for tourists in thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old, and didn't see her mother, mae yui, for three years . me-bai was recently rescued and brought to the elephant nature park sanctuary after a tiring 62 mile (100km) trek in the hot sun that lasted four days . she can be seen nuzzling her mother, while the pair joyfully flap their ears and caress each other with their trunks .
emma louise connolly models ann summers' first bridal wear lingerie . the collection includes a curve-skimming dress, an intricate nightgown and a range of silk and lace sets . items are available in sizes 8-12 and 32a-38dd .
isis fighters can be seen destroying artifacts in ancient assyrian city of nimrud . seven-minute video shows them using sledgehammers, drills and barrel bombs . nimrud was once the capital of the assyrian empire, founded in 13th century b.c. isis has carried out similar attacks on cultural heritage sites in iraq and syria .
pittsburgh steelers running back le'veon bell will miss the first three games of the new season for abusing the league's substance abuse policy . former steeler legarrette blount and a female passenger were also in the car and were charged with marijuana possession . bell plans to appeal the decision .
david alaba posted a video on instagram of his cast being removed . the austrian has suffered knee ligament damage . bayern munich travel to porto in the champions league on wednesday .
columbia university graduate school of journalism publishes 12,000-word autopsy . sabrina rubin erdely's story about alleged gang rape was roundly discredited . publisher jann wenner says everyone will remain in their positions .
huddersfield striker nahki wells gave ipswich the lead after 12 minutes . james vaughan doubled the home side's lead after just 30 minutes . luke varney reduced ipswich's arrears to just 48 minutes later .
american youtube user kentuckyfriedidiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle . footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before stopping and prompting his child to follow . the infant then obediently performs the same stunt with a water bottle of her own .
manchester city are currently fourth in the premier league table . manuel pellegrini says his side must splash the cash in the summer . pellegrini has said city must sign a 'crack' player such as sergio aguero .
john lord, 86, went missing from his home in st ann's, nottingham on april 6 . his wife june, 81, died from a 'catastrophic bleed' to the brain . his family discovered a note describing how he missed his wife of 63 years . a body was found in the river trent on april 15 by an underwater search unit .
diane blankenship, 45, is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy . she is also accused of having sex with a 17-year-old student before school . blankenship was detained at her home in tampa, florida, on friday . she has been charged with unlawful sexual activity and lewd battery .
of the 2,071 people surveyed, 22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member, above in-laws (21 per cent) but below grandparents at 26 per cent . more than one in 10 british families now live in ‘blended’ families .
jack black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved one fan has set up a facebook page for him with over 450 members . the page has more than 450 members who share their pictures, videos and stories about jack and keep up to date with his daily activities . jack was hand-reared as a chick after being discovered with no feathers, before being released into the wild .
oskar groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder related to a period between may and july 1944 . around 425,000 jews from hungary were brought to the auschwitz-birkenau complex in nazi-occupied poland and most immediately gassed to death . during that period, so many trains were arriving that often two would have to wait with closed doors as the first was 'processed'
system will be able to spot and track drones, then shoot them out of the sky . will be used on light tactical vehicles such as the humvee and joint light tactical vehicle . some of the system's components already have been used in tests to detect and track uavs of all sizes . later in the year, researchers will test the entire system against targets using a 10kw laser as a stepping stone to a 30kw laser .
analysts at cia, nsa and national counterterrorism center watch pornography . they are treated by psychologists to help them cope with emotional trauma . analysts often suffer sensations of sickness, grief and periods of anger .
pennsylvania scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone . they found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation . this could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars . however, further research is needed to confirm that is the case .
celtic lost 3-2 to inverness in the league cup final at hampden park . leigh griffiths had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside in the game . john hartson has urged his former club to move on from the injustice .
chelsea ellen bruck, 22, was last seen at a halloween party on october 25 dressed as villain poison ivy . police searched an area near a ford motor company plant in michigan on sunday focusing on an area near the flat rock assembly plant . she has not been seen since the early hours of october 26, 2014 despite extensive searches on foot and by helicopter .
paul casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to play at the masters . the englishman got in due to staying in the world’s top 50 . at one point, as events unfolded in morocco and at the texas open, he was projected to fall to 54th .
patrice evra, javier hernandez, cristiano ronaldo, carlos tevez, paul pogba and gerard pique are all in the semi-finals of the champions league . ronaldo scored real madrid's winner against atletico madrid on wednesday . manchester united missed out on europe's premier competition last season for the first time in 19 years .
manny pacquiao took time out from the gym ahead of floyd mayweather fight . the filipino boxer ran around griffith park with several fitness fanatics . pacquiao was joined by his pet dog pacman as he worked on his fitness .
princess beatrice, 26, was joined by boyfriend dave clark, 31, at shoreditch house . looked glamorous in her knee-length black leather dress . the joseph a-line dress is currently sold out .
ambra battilana, 22, told police weinstein groped her in his office on march 27 . the manhattan district attorney's office investigated the italian model's claim, but has decided not to prosecute weinstein . battilana is a former miss italy finalist .
sebastian thrun, who founded the google x laboratory, said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition . thrun said that, like data is now routinely transmitted via computers, the same may soon be true for full personalities . other upcoming inventions predicted by thrun include flying cars, computers that are implantable into the human body, and medical treatments that will drastically curb unnatural deaths .
samantha fleming, 23, went missing from her home in anderson, indiana, on april 5 . her body was found friday wrapped in plastic and doused in bleach . police believe a woman pretended to be a social worker and lured fleming from her home so she could kill her and steal her three-week-old baby, serenity . fleming recently gave birth to a daughter, serenity, and lives with her boyfriend, but disappeared with her baby on april 5 .
sinn fein president described jean mcconville's abduction as 'what happens in wars' he suggested incidents like her murder happened 'in every single conflict' comments have angered relatives of mrs mcconville, who disappeared in 1972 . she was accused by republicans of being a british army informer and shot dead .
argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner tried to cover up iran's involvement in 1994 bombing . prosecutor javier de luca dropped the case, saying there was no crime .
alison saunders's position as top prosecutor looked bleak as she faced criticism from the home secretary, police chiefs, crime tsars, prominent mps and even one of her predecessors . she was accused of ignoring the rights of victims and of perpetrating establishment cover-ups .
luis suarez scored twice as barcelona beat psg 3-1 at the parc des princes . the uruguayan scored his 1,000th goal in european competition . lionel messi shared an image of the pair together on facebook .
luke shambrook, 11, was last seen leaving a campground in fraser national park on good friday morning . he wandered off and has not been seen since . a family saw a young boy matching luke's description while driving in the devils river vicinity on sunday . luke may not even know he is lost and is known to frequently hide, according to his family .
celtic lost 3-2 to inverness caledonian thistle in the scottish cup semi-final . referee steven mclean and his assistants claimed they failed to see the handball by inverness player josh meekings which denied celtic a penalty . virgil van dijk believes he sampled the worst decision of his career .
justin rose is back training ahead of his next pga tour event . the englishman is using his state-of-the-art £30,000 indoor golf simulator . rose pushed winner jordan speith all the way on the final day at augusta .
dick advocaat is overseeing sunderland's survival bid until the end of the season . aston villa drew 3-3 with queens park rangers on tuesday night . burnley have been dealt a reasonable hand but can they capitalise?
ronda rousey made her first in-ring appearance on march 29 . the ufc women's bantamweight champion wants to return to the wwe . rousey takes on bethe correia in rio de janeiro on august 1 .
five americans monitored for three weeks after being exposed to ebola in west africa . one has been discharged but hasn't left the area, nebraska medicine spokesman says . they are clinicians for partners in health, a boston-based aid group .
lee cattermole has missed the last two games through suspension . dick advocaat will welcome the midfielder back to the sunderland team . the 27-year-old was the only man told he will definitely start against newcastle .
the families of two slain new york city police officers threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the mets' home opener . the widow of american sniper chris kyle pitched in for the san diego padres . new england patriots quarterback tom brady also threw a first pitch, at fenway park in boston .
researchers photographed faces and recorded voices of 42 women aged 24 . asked men with an average age of mid 20s to rate attractiveness of faces . those rated high for looks often scored well for sound too, study found .
at least 65 british climbers and holidaymakers feared missing as death toll in nepal earthquake reaches 2,500 . up to 18 killed and more than 60 injured when 7.8-magnitude quake set off huge avalanche on everest base camp . survivors described seeing tents with climbers still inside picked up and tossed across the camp before crashing down into rocks and ice .
special warfare operator 1st class brett allen marihugh of livonia, michigan, died sunday . the 34-year-old marihugh and 32-year-old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis were found unresponsive at the bottom of a swimming pool on friday . lewis died friday . navy spokesman lieutenant david lloyd says both sailors were members of naval special warfare group 2 .
using a human as their base, pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs, with their front paws up .
alanna and stephan goetzinger lost their third daughter during a stillbirth in 2012 . the couple have spoken out against the coroner's report which blames their midwife . coroner james mcdougall found that rana died either during birth or within minutes afterwards from meconium aspiration . the report also found that the midwife, who handed in her resignation following the inquest, changed her statement about the events of the evening . alanna, 39, and stephan, 57, are adamant that rana was still
iranians erupted in celebration after a nuclear deal struck with the united states . the deal promises to end iran's isolation under years of crippling sanctions .
a 31-year-old man has posted an online ad for his dream girlfriend . the outback casanova lives in humpty doo, northern territory . the ad included a list of requirements in his potential partner, and personal details about himself . 'rich' promised 'all reasonable offers will be considered' .
mr miliband will hand scottish mps the power to set a higher state pension . he will attempt to reverse the exodus of his voters to the snp . scottish parliament will be given power to 'top up' benefits reserved to westminster .
an account purporting to be sydney radio station 2ue sent out a tweet on thursday morning . the tweet was in reference to the station's former newsreader steve blanda, who had read the news at 2ue for over a decade . 2ue in sydney has just merged with rival station 2gb, which meant job losses from the newsroom and additional redundancies nationally .
memorial display at dusseldorf airport reveals first picture of pilot patrick sondheimer . father-of-two tried to break down cockpit door to stop pilot andreas lubitz crashing plane into mountains . lubitz, 27, had been plotting the disaster online under the name skydevil . mr sondheimer spent up to five minutes attempting to smash his way into cockpit using an axe .
sunderland goalkeeper costel pantilimon conceded four goals in 45 minutes against newcastle united at the stadium of light . the former manchester city goalkeeper kept his place despite pressure from vito mannone, who was dropped in the wake of october’s 8-0 defeat at southampton . pantilimon admits there has been a definite mood change under new manager dick advocaat .
a tsunami as big as one metre (three feet) forecast to hit islands in japan's far south after a 6.6 magnitude earthquake struck off eastern taiwan . nhk said waves were possible on several islands in the southern okinawa chain after a very shallow quake centred on yonaguni in the southwest, near taiwan . witnesses said buildings swayed in taipei but there was no visible damage in the taiwan capital .
greg gibbins was stabbed in the chest outside a pizza shop in toukley, nsw . the 28-year-old football player went into cardiac arrest but later died . police have charged a 20-year-old man with murder . he was refused bail and appeared in court on monday .
victorino chua penned 'bitter nurse confession', manchester crown court heard . he spelled out 'how an angel can turn to an evil person' in 13-page note . filipino nurse accused of killing three patients at stepping hill hospital .
ed miliband says bobby on the beat is 'at risk of disappearing' and criminals 'lead off the hook' but launch of labour's criminal justice plans risked being overshadowed . party's police adviser, lord stephens, is being investigated over allegations of a cover-up of police corruption in the bungled stephen lawrence murder probe .
brian nicol, 32, dived into a pool at a luxury villa in the costa del sol . he failed to resurface and friends dragged him out of the water . police and paramedics arrived shortly after but mr nicol had died . early evidence suggests his death was a tragic accident .
hillary clinton's new book, "clinton cash," will address alleged conflicts of interest . john sutter: the issues raised by the book will prompt team clinton to put its candidate on the road .
cnn's nina dos santos meets cousin gulnaz, who was raped and jailed for adultery as her attacker was married . gulnaz's plight disappeared from the world's gaze once she was pardoned and released . instead of a new start, what followed for gulnaz was a quiet, afghan solution to the "problem"
vincent stanford is accused of murdering stephanie scott on easter sunday . the 24-year-old created an online alter ego to use in science fiction forums . he allegedly wrote scripts for his favourite tv series, stargate resistance . stanford's youtube account included more than 65 videos of him playing games .
newcastle boss john carver is set to strip fabricio coloccini of the club captaincy this summer . the magpies have repeatedly been let down by those appointed to lead the team this year . carver will recommend that holland defender daryl janmaat is rewarded with the armband during the summer .
raheem sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe in the past few days . the liverpool striker has been accused of biting and racially abusing opponents . the images will be a concern to clubs considering parting with £40million .
lewis hamilton was over half-a-second clear of nico rosberg in first practice . mercedes team-mate sebastian vettel was third fastest in china . hamilton is bidding to win his fourth f1 race of the season .
darcy atkinson, two, died of brain injuries in december 2012 . he was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant ritalin in his system . he was airlifted to westmead children's hospital after throwing up three times and going rigid in the bath . dr barry wilkins said it was not possible the head injuries the toddler suffered came from a paddle board, as the boy's mother had previously claimed .
only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the uk in 2040 under the proposal . normal petrol and diesel engines which make up vast majority of all motor vehicles would be barred . lib dem leader nick clegg said he wanted to tackle 'dangerous levels of air pollution' which cut average life expectancy by up to eight months .
'child 44' tells story of a serial killer who targets children in stalin era russia . it is based on a novel by british writer tom rob smith and due to premiere today . russia's culture ministry said film distorted history as it celebrated victory over nazi germany .
a cloud formation resembling the wi-fi symbol appeared in central china . a student at hunan university saw the cloud on his way to the library . the wi-fi symbol has one dot and three curved lines radiating from it .
kansai international airport in japan has never lost a piece of luggage . staff place suitcases on carousels with their handles facing outwards . this makes it easier for passengers to collect their luggage .
psg striker edinson cavani is a target for serie a champions juventus . italian newspaper corriere dello sport claim juve have a plan in place to sign him . cavani has admitted he is concerned about playing out of position under laurent blanc .
lib dem leader says idea of more than two parties forming government is not 'going to work' he said it would be a 'messy' way to run the country and risk instability . mr clegg told voters to go to the ballot box on may 7 expecting a hung parliament .
sven goran eriksson says manchester city should be winning premier league . former england boss claims they have underperformed given financial clout . eriksson was the last manager at city before they were taken over by abu dhabi billionaire sheikh mansour and his family in 2008 .
charlie sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion during reading's fa cup quarter-final win over bradford city last month . he ran topless on to the pitch and did four front flips before being tackled . the order, due to be decided on april 30, would stop him going to all of reading's future home and away matches .
pm accuses snp and labour of posing a 'clear and present danger' to uk . accuses miliband and sturgeon of pretending to 'slug it out' ahead of poll . insists they are both working to ramp up spending regardless of deficit . comes ahead of tonight's live tv election debates between main 'challenger' parties .
silhan ozcelik, 18, went missing from her kurdish family’s home in north london last october, while she was only 17 . she travelled on the eurostar with another man to stuttgart, germany, where the kurdish workers’ party youth movement have its headquarters . as the hearing was taking place, protestors gathered outside the old bailey with banners and flags to voice their disapproval .
alexandra harra, 28, has a ba degree in creative writing and classics . recently dyed her hair black to look more like kim kardashian . shares same love of selfies and says she loves cats .
this year's general election has bought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise in a bid to sway the nation . shot glasses emblazoned with david cameron's face, ukip pendents and even party leader underwear are all appearing on shelves .
greg dyke was given one of a limited edition of parmigiani watches by the brazilian fa during the world cup . dyke initially refused to hand his back having promised to donate it to the fa's official charity partner, breast cancer care . fifa's ethics committee has now closed proceedings on the matter .
four-month-old noah monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air . as he whizzes up and down, the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright .
conrad clitheroe, 54, gary cooper, 45, and neil munro, 45, were arrested in dubai . arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers at fujairah airport . despite being told they would not be detained, they were put in jail . clitheroe's wife valerie had written to david cameron to ask him to intervene . raised concerns about her husband's health due to his heart murmur and high blood pressure .
the piglet was born with its back legs missing and can balance on its front trotters . heartwarming video shows it wobbling about with its snout to the ground . all its siblings were born with full complement of legs .
shigella infections, otherwise known as 'delhi belly' or 'montezuma's revenge' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the dominican republic, india or other countries . outbreaks of the shigella bacteria are not unusual, but this strain is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults . the superbug sickened at least 243 people, in 32 states and puerto rico .
bruce jenner, 65, will appear in diane sawyer's much-anticipated interview . jenner won olympic gold in the men's decathlon in 1976 . he has undergone countless cosmetic procedures, from multiple nose jobs to the shaving down of his adam's apple .
john terry has been the best defender in a chelsea shirt this season . chelsea are undefeated against the top four this season . arsenal have lost twice to chelsea and terry has been a huge part of that .
two teenagers charged with attempting to carry out an "isis-inspired" terror plot . prime minister tony abbott: the suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration .
iran's revolutionary guards 'harassed' a us-flagged merchant ship on april 24 . just four days later, iranian boats forced a marshall islands-flagged ship, the maersk tigris, to iran's larak island . the two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes in the strategic strait of hormuz .
peter, 8, penned a letter to michelle obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough . he also criticizes the first lady for america's lack of troops in the middle east and in the ukraine and suggests that the united states bomb syria . according to peter's father, the letter submitted to the weekly standard took six-months to write because peter was 'too angry' to write it all down in one sitting .
manchester city are currently fourth in the premier league . manuel pellegrini's side are 12 points behind leaders chelsea . joe hart has been lamenting city's fall from grace this season .
amber rachdi, 24, from oregon, weighed 46st (657lbs) at her heaviest . she was virtually housebound and in constant pain . doctors warned she would be dead by the age of 30 . but she took the courage to make a change and lost 20st in a year .
danielle and adam busby gave birth to olivia marie, ava lane, hazel grace, parker kate and riley paige in houston . all five girls are still in an incubator at woman's hospital of texas . adam admitted it was 'overwhelming' changing them 'because they're so tiny' .
guernsey police executed search warrants at the eagle medical practice and a private residential address on the island of alderney . the force was alerted by the health & social services department . hssd said a doctor was excluded from treating patients at the mignot memorial hospital and the general medical council (gmc) was informed . no arrests have been made .
bobby brown spoke for the first time about his daughter bobbi kristina in los angeles on saturday night . he appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter's ongoing battle for her life . the former boy band star shied away from talking in detail about his daughter but instead admitted these were 'rough times' however, in an odd moment during his 45-minute set, he took time out to promote his kine of bbq sauces .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call. the weekly newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news .
lauren crawley, 54, a housewife from kings langley, hertfordshire, was given a new platinum implant that makes it easier to blink again . facial palsy, or weakness of the facial muscles, can stop the patient's eyelids closing properly .
charles tillman has ended his 12-year career with the chicago bears . the two-time pro bowler has agreed a deal with the carolina panthers . tillman remains a favourite for his work on and off the field .
'n' was just 11 when she was abused by glam rocker gary glitter . she still suffers frightening flashbacks of the abuse that turned her into a recluse . 'i have nightmares about it all of the time and i need to take pills to sleep' she was one of two vietnamese girls predator glitter was convicted of abusing . he lived in the seaside resort of vung tau in 2006 when he stole her . he lured her to his house where he showed her vile films of
mui thomas, 22, suffers from a rare genetic condition that leaves her skin red and open to infection . she was born with harlequin ichthyosis, which means her skin is extremely thick, dry and flaky . mui's struggle to come to terms with her condition has, at times, left her on the brink of suicide .
paul nungesser, a german citizen, is suing columbia university for 'gender-based harassment and defamation' for allowing emma sulkowicz to parade the school and take campus-provided transport with her mattress in protest . sulkowicz, a senior majoring in visual arts, publicly paraded her mattress in protest, calling for his indictment . the school presented the allegations as fact on a university-owned website .
university of cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory . it suggests temperatures at earth's equator were -40°c (-40°f) 2.4 billion years ago . the reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood . but it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like europa . a frozen planet circling just one of a pair of stars could improve the chances of finding alien life .
barcelona legend carles puyol is said to be training ahead of a return to playing in either the us or qatar . puyol retired last may after 15 years at his boyhood club having struggled to return from a persistent knee injury . the 36-year-old could join up with manchester city midfielder frank lampard in the states or with his former team-mate xavi .
supermarket wins title of britain's best breakfast after fierce competition . morrisons picked out for its value for money, food quality and customer satisfaction . 'mystery shoppers' tried breakfasts at restaurants, pubs and hotels nationwide .
alison saunders, 54, sparked outrage last week by letting off lord janner . she decided 86-year-old should not face paedophilia charges because he has dementia . mrs saunders secured pupillage - a barrister’s training contract - at 1 garden court chambers in 1983 . the bar council confirmed janner worked at the legal firm from the 1950s up until 1986 . but a spokesperson for the cps insisted the pair had never met
the $2 coin commemorates the 100th anniversary of the landing of anzac troops at gallipoli during world war i . crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers, and the words 'lest we forget' will be in circulation from monday . there will be about one and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks .
artist dave poulin apologizes for his "most unsettling sculpture" celeon mayor scott schrecengost: "we love lucy! get rid of this statue" the bronze figure of comedian lucille ball has elicited comparisons to a "walking dead" zombie .
fight broke out outside roches family hotel in grafton on friday night . eye-witnesses said two girls brawled on the streets before it spilled out . grafton police confirmed they attended the scene however no one made a formal complaint about the woman or her strange choice of weaponry .
orana wildlife park in new zealand's christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage . during 'the lion encounrter', the spectators are mere centimetres away from the huge animal, sitting inside their lair to see every whisker, tooth and hair .
a man was caught on video beating an elderly truck driver on the side of route 95 near baltimore, maryland . tommy solis, who filmed the incident, drove by and filmed the incident, eventually getting out of his car to try and end the fight . the aggressor, driving a toyota, refused to stop fighting, and at one point got in the face of solis' friend, who clocked him . solis said: 'it was more of instinct than anything. we were just trying to keep the guy from getting hurt'
l'ardéchoise is a quiet, well-established, family friendly site in south central france . it's about an hour-and-half's drive from the beaches of the south and montpellier airport . the site is a five-star park - at the top end of what's on offer in france .
during a recent ted talk, lillian bustle, from new jersey, explained that 'fat' is just another word - and using it doesn't have to be an insult .
zipporah lisle-mainwaring accused of ordering dramatic overnight paint job 'to get her own back' residents in kensington, west london, objected to her plans to demolish the property and rebuild it with a two-storey 'iceberg' basement . mrs lisle-mainwaring, believed to be in her 70s, has fallen out with family over inheritance .
sally kohn: bench warrants for deadbeat dads are not arrest warrants for crimes . kohn: bench warrants for deadbeat dads are not arrest warrants for crimes .
james anderson needs just three wickets to go level with ian botham as england's top wicket taker . anderson surprised his new lancashire colleagues by bowling fast and shaping it away . england captain warren hegg says anderson 'wouldn't say boo to a goose'
aaron hernandez, 25, was convicted wednesday of murdering odin lloyd . lz granderson: hernandez walked into court with an air of bravado .
chelsea beat qpr 1-0 at loftus road in the west london derby . john terry played the full 90 minutes for jose mourinho's side . terry was booed by qpr fans after touching the ball in the opening minute . the blues skipper dominated at the back but was rarely troubled by bobby zamora .
amanda lamb collaborates with air wick for a new fragrance range . the 42-year-old tv presenter offers advice on how to spruce up a home . the images were captured by vogue and gq photographer, willy camden .
the andaz liverpool street is built on the site of england's first hospital for the mentally ill - the bethlehem royal hospital . the victorian building that houses it is built on the site of the bethlehem royal hospital, which opened in 1247 . four of the 267 rooms have been decorated by trendy artists .
barcelona beat paris st germain 3-1 in the champions league on saturday . andres iniesta was substituted after tangling with psg midfielder javier pastore . tests confirmed he suffered a bruised pelvis on thursday .
khayree gay, 31, was captured on friday at the security inn and suites hotel in lake city, south carolina . gay, who is originally from feltonville, pennsylvania, is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a jewelers row employee . the 53-year-old female employee of the national watch and diamond exchange in downtown philadelphia was leaving work on april 4 .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league on wednesday . carlo ancelotti is adamant his side can cope without injured trio luka modric, gareth bale and karim benzema . the two teams meet at the santiago bernabeu with the scoreline goalless following the first encounter on april 14 .
around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014 - more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before . smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent . e-cigarettes typically deliver nicotine, propylene glycol, glycerin and flavorings through inhaled vapor .
roy keane will stand trial over alleged incident in altrincham, cheshire . it was claimed he behaved aggressively towards taxi driver fateh kerar . the 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence . he will face trial at manchester magistrates' court on june 19 .
sarah stage, 30, gave birth to james hunter on tuesday afternoon . the underwear model and animal rights activist from los angeles weighed in at eight pounds, seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth . she famously documented her changing figure via her instagram page throughout her pregnancy, earning herself a huge number of fans .
qantas warned in february that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from april 1 . but not everyone got the memo and were turned away from the lounges for wearing thongs . customers have taken to social media to complain about the new rules .
cannes director thierry fremaux told celebrities to stop taking selfies . he said they 'stop every two metres to take a picture of themselves, with themselves' mr fremaux said: 'we don't want to prohibit it but it's really a matter of timing'
records belonging to two of edgerton's great grand-uncles show they were on the battlefield in gallipoli 100 years ago . simon phillip comerford and laurence william comerford served in the 18th battalion in the 5th brigade in gallipoli in 1915 . records show simon fractured his left leg after he was kicked by a horse while on transport duty in january 1918 . his brother laurence was wounded in action in november 1914 and november 1917 .
nikola karabatic will stand trial for fraud over his suspected involvement in an illegal betting case . the french handball star and his brother luka were among a group of players banned by the french league two years ago for betting on the result of a match that their montpellier club lost to cesson-rennes . karabatic's lawyer michael corbier told sportsmail on wednesday the trial will likely take place within months .
raheem sterling opened the scoring for liverpool in the ninth minute . philippe sissoko was sent off for newcastle in the second half . steven gerrard made his debut for liverpool in the second half .
avoca beach in the central coast, about 95kms north of sydney, resembled something from a horror movie on tuesday . sylvia freedman filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water's edge . the entire beach, right up to the top of the walkways, was covered in a grotesque, yellow, jelly like substance . ms freedman and her family were forced to leave the holiday house after their power went out
patrons called police sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the dunkin' donuts on arundel mills boulevard in hanover . an officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area . the woman, 21-year-old palak bhadreskumar patel of hanover, died at the scene . patel's husband, 24-year-old bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel, hit her multiple times with an object and then fled .
a federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader's obstruction of justice conviction on wednesday . bonds broke hank aaron's long-standing career record of 755 homers in 2007, finished that season with 762 . he was convicted of the obstruction charge in 2011, and a three-judge panel of the 9th u.s. circuit court of appeals unanimously upheld the conviction in 2013 . but a larger group, which listened to arguments from prosecutors and lawyers last september, concluded there was in
arsenal have 63 points from 31 games and are second in the premier league . they beat liverpool 4-1 on saturday but still have the same record as last season . the gunners were reeling after a 6-0 defeat by chelsea at this stage last season . the north london side have added alexis sanchez and francis coquelin .
ukip campaign chief patrick o'flynn accused brussels of 'brainwashing' schoolchildren exposed to 'propaganda' to 'catch them young' ukip deputy chairman suzanne evans called for vote to be held earlier .
carlton cole's contract at west ham expires at the end of the season . the striker is unsure if he will be offered a new deal at upton park . cole admits he hasn't spoken to sam allardyce about a new deal .
mohamed badie and 13 other defendants were handed their sentences . 37 people, including an american-egyptian citizen, were jailed for life . guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in sprawling cairo camp . plotted after military overthrew islamist president mohamed morsi in 2013 .
survey of 1,000 british companies reveals prejudice towards obese workers is rife among british employers . almost half are less inclined to recruit an applicant if they are obese or overweight, fearing 'they're lazy' and 'unable to fulfil their roles as required' findings come in the wake of a european court case brought by unions and lawyers on behalf of 25st childminder karsten kaltoft . he claimed he was sacked by his local authority in denmark in 2010 for being too fat .
shaheen pirouz from denton, texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards . footage shows him being positioned on his back legs, with his eyes immediately starting to close . he then flops over to one side as he falls into a deep sleep .
bastian schweinsteiger was an unused substitute in bayern's 6-1 champions league win over porto on tuesday . dietmar hamann thinks schweinsteiger has lost his place to xabi alonso . franck ribery is closing in on a return to fitness after an ankle injury .
kelly nash, 25, was last seen alive on january 5 when he woke coughing and sneezing and told his girlfriend he was not feeling well . by the time jessica sexton got up at 7.30am, the man was gone . a fisherman came upon nash's badly decomposed body in lake lanier on february 8 . $50,000 reward was being offered for information on nash's whereabouts .
never-before-seen images show captain scott's doomed expedition team setting off on their ill-fated terra nova expedition of 1912 . archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great british adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness . some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek .
freddie gray should have received medical attention at the scene of his arrest, police say . baltimore police commissioner: "we know our police employees failed to get him medical attention" gray was stopped april 12 after a foot pursuit through housing complexes .
scott keyes, a 28-year-old writer for think progress, is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights . he reveals his travel hacks in his ebooks how to fly for free and how to find cheap flights . keyes recommends stocking up flyer miles through credit cards .
etienne gould nunan was born at melbourne's monash hospital in july last year . he was born with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed . etienne developed pneumonia, suffered a collapsed lung and endured 58 blood transfusions to fight infections . his parents, carman gould and jonathan nunan, have praised medical staff for taking care of their son .
memphis depay jetted to england for a summit with manchester united . louis van gaal is leading the hunt for the psv eindhoven winger . psv coach phillip cocu was unaware of the meeting on friday .
one person was found dead on saturday and a second was found dead on sunday . crews are still searching for five people missing in the water following the dauphin island regatta on saturday . regatta included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people . coast guard capt. duke walker said ten vessels were capsized or incapacitated during the storm with three of those with the regatta .
the hysterical real housewife broke down in tears and went into meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where dr phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program . but richards apparently snubbed dr phil's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream 'f***' and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall . three of richards' children, brooke, 29, chad, 22 and kimberly,
prince william is due to accompany the queen and duke of edinburgh on engagement . he plans to do 'everything he can' to be at commemorations on april 25 . duchess of cambridge is due to give birth on the same day .
david villa posted a snap of his family enjoying the empire state building . the new york city captain has enjoyed a solid start in the mls . new york city are currently bottom of the eastern conference .
the average british worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career . 70% said they constantly zone out while in meetings, a survey has found . one in five workers confessed to messing up due to zoning out in a meeting .
justin rose finished joint second in the masters at augusta national . rose has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings at tpc louisiana . the 34-year-old ryder cup star is a total of 38 under par .
al qaeda in the arabian peninsula offers gold reward for houthi leader's capture . houthi rebels overtook yemen's capital in january .
rep steve knight, 48, was hosting an open house event in simi valley, california, last friday when he was accosted by anti-immigration activists . a man named 'mike' accused knight of lying about his voting record and patted him on the back after a prolonged handshake . knight, a former lapd officer, was elected to represent the 25th congressional district last year .
sarah silverman forced to apologise after being caught exaggerating a pay gap story . silverman claimed she was paid less than her male friend to do a gig . she said she was paid $10 while her male counterpart was paid $60 . club owner al martin revealed the story was false because silverman had been paid less because she appeared on the show and wasn't meant to receive anything . silverman has since publicly apologized to martin and revealed she fabricated the story .
jessica ennis-hill, mo farah and greg rutherford will compete at sainsbury's . all three won their gongs on super saturday three years ago in the heptathlon, 10,000 metres and long jump respectively . ennis-hill will be making her first appearance since giving birth to son reggie last summer .
bob greene: chicago daily news' ap teletype machines alerted editors to major news events . he says the telegraph editor jumped up so quickly, his chair crashed into a bookcase .
teresa sheldon, 38, charged with murdering son tommy, five, in car fire . also charged with attempted murder of another child who managed to escape . tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in hursley, hampshire .
heather mack, 19, is being held in bali's kerobokan prison . she could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother sheila von wiese-mack . indonesia’s justice and human rights minister called in unexpectedly . he checked on the conditions in her cell, which she shares with eight other prisoners . mack is expected to learn on tuesday whether a panel of judges will agree to prosecution demands that she should serve 15 years for the murder .
cristiano ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee mario melero lopez after he was chopped down by antonio amaya . the decision means ronaldo could be suspended for the game against eibar in la liga on saturday . real madrid manager carlo ancelotti has laid out his plans to appeal .
spencer gerlach, 20, told police that he and his ex-wife keltsie gerlach were having a dispute on wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder . the couple's 15-month-old daughter was unharmed in her crib and was asleep in the next room . spencer faces first-degree murder charges and was booked at elder county jail .
porto were beaten 6-1 by bayern munich in the champions league on tuesday . the porto squad were given a hero's welcome on their return to portugal . jackson martinez and ricardo quaresma looked perplexed by the warm reception .
royal baby gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner victoria hiley . the 30-year-old has collaborated with london-based ice-creamery the licktators . made with donated breast milk - screened in line with hospital standards .
danny welbeck scored the winner as arsenal beat manchester united in the fa cup quarter-final on march 9 . a 15-year-old boy took to social media to post a racist tweet aimed at welbeck . he wrote: 'welbeck is dead to me, the f****** c***...' . the boy has now been cautioned and warned about his behaviour .
costumes worn by the von trapp children throughout much of the movie . flamboyant regalia is made by maria - played by julie andrews - at the start of the film to add a splash of color to the siblings’ drab uniforms . seven of the costumes from the 1965 classic are expected to fetch $800,000 when they are auctioned off at nate d. sanders on april 30 .
paul bakewell, 35, from walsall, west mids, designed 20ft-tall billboard . he then emblazoned it on the 20ft-tall hoarding and covered it over . arranged for tara baker, 32, to be driven past the billboard by her boss . but the hairdresser was left speechless when the car stopped at it . billboard featured pictures of the couple and the words: 'tara you've changed my life. will you marry me?'
derek lowe, 38, and tina lowe, 33, were hit shortly before 10am on sunday in durham by a train heading north . the carolinian train was headed from charlotte to new york city when the accident occurred on property owned by norfolk-southern . authorities say none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured, although a man who fell ill during the delay did receive treatment .
orlando city are currently sixth in the eastern conference table . kaka has not scored in their last three games in all competitions . brazilian has hit the gym ahead of sunday's trip to portland timbers .
ilkay gundogan expects to complete a £15million move to manchester united at the end of the season . mats hummels has indicated he's finally ready to become a united player . louis van gaal is set to be handed a £150m transfer kitty this summer .
floyd mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a £1.5million bugatti . obi okele, owner of fusion luxury motors, was given the task . okele said: 'i then showered, went into my office, did some work and hopped on a plane and got the car, in his driveway, in 11 hours and that makes me a better person'
a judge ruled on thursday that marion 'suge' knight will stand trial on murder and attempted murder charges . the former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in january, killing one and seriously injuring the other . knight was transported to a hospital from the downtown courthouse, but no further details could be released . the judge also reduced bail from $25 million to $10 million .
nannies from indonesia and the philippines can work in australia for a year instead of the current six months . the length of working visas for au pairs could be doubled . the productivity commission has suggested that extending the length of working visas for live-in nannies from overseas could help tackle the childcare shortage .
the number of uninsured americans is now at a record low . when tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured, peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013 . for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent .
former new england patriots star aaron hernandez was found guilty on wednesday of first-degree murder in a deadly late-night shooting . the first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole in the slaying of odin lloyd, a 27-year-old landscaper and amateur weekend football player . hernandez’s mother, terri, and his fiancee, shayanna jenkins, cried and gasped when they heard the verdict .
the hit group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964 . the document related to a notorious battersea brothel used by paedophiles . it is not clear whether the band and savile attended the brothel at the same time .
angel di maria, pablo zabaleta and marcos rojo dined at san carlo restaurant . manchester united goalkeeper victor valdes and wife jorgelina cardoso were also present . united had just returned from a disappointing defeat by chelsea on saturday .
steven pienaar has made just 11 appearances for everton this season . the midfielder has been dogged by groin and knee injuries . pienaar returned to action from his latest setback in the 1-1 draw with swansea city earlier this month but muscle fatigue ruled him out of the win over burnley last weekend .
malijah grant was shot in the head thursday afternoon while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver chevrolet impala in kent, washington . her parents were in the front seat when a black car pulled alongside them and the driver and a passenger opened fire before driving off . authorities have said they don't believe the shooting was random, though neither parent was injured . two male suspects are now being sought by police .
conrad clitheroe, 54, gary cooper, 45, and neil munro, 45, were arrested in dubai . they were seen writing down aircraft registration numbers at fujairah airport . despite being told they would not be detained, they were put in jail . families of the men confirmed they had been told they would be freed .
debenhams and mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions . both have announced revived figures since making the change . experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced .
lionel messi sat out both of his country's friendlies against el salvador and ecuador over the international break . the argentina forward arrived back in barcelona on thursday . messi trained alongside compatriot javier mascherano on thursday .
jamie pettingill was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service . the 26-year-old stole six mobile phones from two women, a man and two schoolboys . he flashed a knife at a schoolboy, telling him 'don't f**k with me, i'll cut your f**king face off' pettingill is the son of trevor pettingill, who was acquitted of shooting two police constables in melbourne's infamous 1988 walsh street murders .
zhou qunfei, 45, was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural china . her father was blinded in an industrial accident and her mother died aged five . she left home as a teenager to work in a glass-processing factory . she handed in her resignation after three months, but was promoted . her company lens technology went public, making her wealthier than richard branson .
england produce dominant display against st kitts invitational xi . jonathan trott scores 72 as england produce dominant display . alastair cook scores 95 as england produce dominant display .
andrew o'clee, 36, duped first wife, michelle, 39, into thinking he needed to spend periods away from the family home in a 'safe house' o'clee led a double life, romancing finance manager philippa campbell, 30 . his first wife uncovered his deception when she came across a facebook video of the pair completing the ice bucket challenge . the post led her to photos of his second wedding, which she reported to police .
zermatt in the upper valais area of switzerland has imposed the ban . animal welfare charity said the rescue dogs were kept in 'miserable conditions' swiss animal protection agency said the dogs are being kept as tourist props .
fbi director james comey has caused huge offense to a key u.s. ally by suggesting that poland was an accomplice in the holocaust . poles are waiting to see if comey would issue an apology — something that hadn't happened by late monday . comey originally delivered the remarks on wednesday at the u.s. holocaust memorial museum in arguing for the importance of holocaust education .
tim sherwood will be shown respect on return to aston villa, says mauricio pochettino . tottenham hotspur host aston villa on saturday in the premier league . sherwood revealed he is still in touch with chairman daniel levy .
david priestley called 999 three times and had to wait an hour for ambulance . diane priestley, 57, was struggling to breathe and her tongue and lips turned blue . ambulance should have been given priority of eight minutes . instead, a longer 30 minute response time was assigned - which neas still failed to meet . grandmother-of-nine died from ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm .
prince william has announced he will be taking six weeks paternity leave . 'he may be a prince of the realm, but under it all he is a new man, bowing to convention like a willow branch in the flood,' says quentin letts . prince charles was a fogeyish prince who at the time of his engagement to diana gave a sigh of relief when asked if he was in love .
carlos tevez has scored six champions league goals this season . juventus face monaco in the quarter-final first leg on tuesday night . massimiliano allegri's side are 12 points clear of lazio in serie a .
hodor, a character in game of thrones, only speaks the word 'hodor' over and over again . his real name is walder, according to his great-grandmother . he may have expressive aphasia .
zbigniew huminski, 38, confessed to strangling nine-year-old victim in france . victim identified by her first name as chloe and stripped naked and sexually assaulted . she was forced into huminski's car and then driven to woods near calais . chloe's mother, named only as isabelle, heard her daughter's screams . huminski had been banned from french territory after being convicted twice for acts of ‘extreme violence
patrick vieira looked destined to be a top manager at manchester city . the frenchman was a ferocious competitor on the pitch but off it he is a class act . vieira is intelligent, well-balanced and has a burning desire to win . manuel pellegrini faces a nervous wait to see if he keeps his job .
chelsea host manchester united in the premier league on saturday . jose mourinho has spoken out in defence of manuel pellegrini . pellegrini has lost six of his last eight games at manchester city .
irwin horwitz accused his students of "backstabbing, game playing, cheating, lying, fighting" he said he would no longer teach the course and would fail the entire class . "i will stand by what i did, but i'm not career suicidal," he said .
chris strodder has created a handy book, the disneyland book of lists . it contains over 200 lists crammed full of secrets known and those more obscure . here, mailonline travel looks at some of the more unusual facts about the world-famous resort .
attorney general loretta lynch is the nation's top law enforcement officer . her job is to crack down on police abuse by withholding federal funds from local departments . baltimore has been the subject of bitter complaints of police brutality .
panel will focus on 'adjustments' made to temperature records around the world . sceptics argue the effect of such adjustments has skewed the records . will also examine 'extrapolations' when the records include virtual figures . in some areas, such as the arctic, these may be hundreds of miles away .
martin o'malley is intensifying his criticism of democratic front-runner hillary clinton . hillary clinton is a big fan of president obama's health care law, but not so much of a booster when it comes to his leadership style . clinton's reversal on the question of whether she supports allowing undocumented workers to obtain driver's licenses will be a key part of the race .
tara mcintyre, 24, was left virtually wheelchair-bound after crash in essex . ben hagon's high-powered mercedes sports car hit her at up to 75mph . she suffered life-changing injuries including a fractured spine and pelvis . judge david turner branded hagon's driving 'madness' and jailed him for two years .
gen nakatani told mps there has been no alien breach of japanese airspace . said war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object . nakatani said no government studies into extra-terrestrials were under way .
action shot was taken at estavayer-le-lac in switzerland where the latest water sports craze of jet surfing has taken off . the contraption can be seen leaping up above the surface, almost resembling scenes from the film back to the future . unlike in the 1985 classic, this jet surf board, made in the czeck republic, is designed for travelling across water .
andrew getty, 47, had "several health issues," a detective says . he was found dead near a bathroom in his los angeles home . he spearheaded the controversial sale of getty to texaco for $10 billion in 1984 .
andres iniesta made his barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season . the spain international has praised louis van gaal for helping him . iniesta said his first team debut was the most important day of his career .
many britons are unaware of the seriousness of the condition, says study . almost half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of a reaction . hospital admissions for allergies increased by 8 per cent between 2013 and 2014 . around 21million britons have some kind of allergy, ranging from hayfever to reactions to food, medication and wasp stings .
piers morgan says arsenal should sack arsene wenger and replace him with borussia dortmund boss jurgen klopp . klopp announced he will be leaving the german club in the summer . morgan says klopp would be arsenal's answer to jose mourinho .
hashim amla has signed a short-term contract with derbyshire . the south africa test captain will play five matches next month . amla will replace martin guptill, who was called up by his country for the test series against england .
gareth bale went down with a calf strain after less than five minutes . the welshman faces a race to be fit for real madrid's champions league quarter-final against atletico madrid on wednesday . bale has not been injured since october of last year when a hip problem kept him out for three weeks .
tottenham have won two out of a possible 30 premier league games . six of those followed europa league games on thursday nights . spurs face former club southampton at st mary's on saturday .
zafar ansari has been called up to england's odi squad for ireland clash . the 23-year-old graduated from cambridge with a double first in politics and sociology two years ago . ansari has an eye on a career in academia one day .
gloriavale, a new zealand settlement of around 500, has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks following abuse allegations . several ex-members have come forward, telling stories of sexual abuse, violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls . miracle escaped gloriavale with her family around six years ago . she told daily mail australia that sex outside of marriage and with underage children was 'absolutely frowned upon' and 'dealt with very severely in the community'
charlotte dujardin won the grand prix at the world cup in las vegas . the british world dressage champion recorded a score of 85.414 percent . dujardin's horse valegro won the world title in lyon last year .
ashley madison, an online dating agency, is targeting british investors . founder noel biderman, 43, came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s . he wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services . ashley madison claims to be the world's second-largest dating website . but mr biderman believes infidelity can actually save relationships .
if you can resist the temptation to shop, a stroll through times square won't cost you a dollar . paris' jardin du luxembourg offers a no-cost cultural fix . london's free museums offer a no-cost cultural experience .
the sheikh zayed grand mosque in abu dhabi, united arab emirates, is the biggest in the middle east . british amateur photographer julian john has been snapping the structure for four years . he calls it 'the jewel in the united arab emirates' crown'
porto earned a 3-1 champions league first leg victory against bayern munich in the bundesliga on wednesday night . bayern goalkeeper manuel neuer gave his side the lead with a neat finish after just three minutes . jackson martinez equalised for the german champions with a neat finish after the break .
indiana has a religious freedom restoration act, but critics say it discriminates against gays . a native american with eagle feathers was in violation of the federal eagle protection act . a man with eagle feathers was fined by the feds for attending an american indian powwwow .
ross mccormack gave charlton the lead with eight minutes to play . johann gudmundsson equalised for fulham with a first-half strike . ross mccormack headed over stephen henderson with eight minutes to play . matt smith looped the ball over the top of goalkeeper stephen henderson .
terry richardson is known as much for his pornographic photo shoots as he is for the sexual assault allegations that have been made against him . kate upton has revealed that he released footage of her dancing in a bikini in a video called 'cat daddy' without her permission . in an excerpt from an interview with vogue in june 2014, it was claimed that kate was not happy with terry for releasing the footage .
nelson oliveira is on loan at swansea from portuguese giants benfica . the 23-year-old has struggled to make an impression in south wales . bafetimbi gomis has been ruled out for between three and four weeks .
wat pha luang ta bua in thailand's western kanchanaburi province has proved a hit among tourists who flock there to visit the monks . a vet complained to authorities that three tigers had recently disappeared from the sanctuary, sparking fears they may have been sold on . the temple has been keeping the animals without the proper paperwork and have vowed to seize them .
aviva premiership quartet bath, wasps, racing and leinster are all firm underdogs . toulon are destined to finish on top of the pile for the third successive year . the aviva premiership quartet are all away from home this weekend .
angel di maria was sent off against arsenal in the fa cup in march . paul scholes believes it allowed louis van gaal to turn to his fringe players . scholes says united's good run of form has come at a time when they have nothing to play for .
u.s. official: u.s. made no serious effort to negotiate for weinstein's release . al qaeda's capture made it hard for the u.s. to negotiate, official says .
reverend creflo dollar, 53, launched appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate '$300 or more' so that he could purchase a $65million gulfstream g650 . the wealthy televangelist came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work . shortly afterwards, he shut down the website but worshippers could still donate via the world changers donation site which remains open .
cristiano ronaldo opened the scoring for real madrid with a 21st minute free-kick . javier 'chicharito' hernandez doubled the lead in the 83rd minute . ronaldo had not scored a free-kick since last march .
white house insists it doesn't need congressional approval for iran nuclear deal . julian zelizer says fight for congressional approval would be politically bruising .
man drops down on one knee as he proposes to girlfriend inside mcdonald's . egged on by his friends, he strides purposefully over to his girlfriend . he places a diamond ring on her finger and the couple embrace .
eden hazard has propelled chelsea to the top of the premier league . harry kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for tottenham . diego costa, alexis sanchez, philippe coutinho and david de gea also on shortlist .
leicester city beat west ham united 1-0 at the king power stadium . andy king scored the only goal of the game in the 86th minute . david nugent missed a penalty for the foxes .
david frum: u.s. is not doing enough to address the problem of terrorism . he says little of our foreign military funding goes toward counter extremism .
the chain's new spring menu features two 340-calorie cheesecake-filled donuts, one 380-calorie loaded bagel, one 640-calorie chicken-filled pretzel bun and a 210-calorie steak and cheese wrap . health experts have warned that the calorie-laden food options contain more than half of an adult's recommended daily intake of salt .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 1 . tickets went on sale from the mgm property box offices on friday at 3pm . tickets for the pair's weigh-in sold out within a minute of going on sale . one ticket priced at $128,705 (£85,508) appeared on stubhub last night . click here for all the latest boxing news .
natalie bennett said so-called 'citizens income' would take longer than five years to bring in, and could take even longer . she said another green pledge – to dismantle the armed forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines – was also a 'long-term aspiration' revelations came in another disappointing performance by miss bennett .
josh hamilton, 33, filed for divorce from his wife, katie, in late february . comes after he admitted to self-reporting alcohol and drugs relapse . hamilton married katie in 2004 and they have three more daughters . petition doesn't detail reasons for split and only cites 'conflict' .
prize money at the french open has been increased by three million euros to over 28 million (£20.2million) the singles champions will each receive 1.8m euros (£1.3m) this is 150,000 euros more than rafael nadal and maria sharapova picked up last year . the tournament, held at roland garros, remains the grand slam with the lowest prize for the singles champion .
kim davies bought the elizabethan manor in rural wales for £657,000 . cecil frances alexander wrote the lyrics to all things bright and beautiful . he then made dozens of illegal alterations to llanwenarth house . davies has now pleaded guilty to illegally altering the historic house .
loren mathieson filmed her pet boston terrier, gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home . to date the video of his circus-like trick has been watched more than 80,000 times .
comres survey of 4,000 undecided voters found slim majority impressed with pm's performance than that of ed miliband . separate poll suggests ukip's vote is being squeezed in key constituencies as election day approaches .
glen johnson, brad jones and fabio borini were among the local celebrities to turn out at aintree . the day after liverpool secured an fa cup semi-final berth brendan rodgers' side secured an fa cup semi-final berth . philippe coutinho's 70th-minute strike in the replay with blackburn saw the reds through to the last four .
sergio aguero has scored six times against manchester united . the argentine forward has hailed fellow south american radamel falcao . aguero says falcao is one of the most naturally gifted strikers in football .
charlie hemphrey made his professional debut for kent at 15 . hemphrey is the first englishman to hit a sheffield shield hundred since john hampshire for tasmania in 1978 . the 25-year-old has played for essex, kent, derbyshire and essex . hemphrey is a former folkestone grammar school pupil .
joseph kent's lawyer says he has been released from jail . kent was arrested tuesday night after a citywide curfew began .
grant hackett's father neville has revealed his son's sleeping pill addiction was triggered by a death threat . the revelation comes after the 34-year-old made a comeback last sunday when he earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth . the dual olympic champion appears to have recovered from his tumultuous year, which ended with a five-week stint in an arizona rehab clinic .
president barack obama says he's "committed to making sure" israel maintains military advantage over iran . comments come amid criticism from israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu of the deal .
seven female students, some of whom attend brigham young university in utah, were catfished by a woman named kayla in texas . the women all believed they were in an online relationship with a mormon man living in the same state - only to find out they were being duped . kayla apologized to the women, saying she was trying to figure out who she was because it's 'difficult' to be both gay and mormon .
chemical sulforaphane known to block inflammation and damage to cartilage . but patients would have to eat several pounds of broccoli every day . uk drug company evgen pharma has developed a stable synthetic version . it offers potential of a pill treatment and is equivalent to eating 5.5lb of broccoli in one day .
pepsico said today it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the u.s. the sweetener has been linked to a range of health problems, although research has shown it to be safe . decision to swap sweeteners comes as after a decade of plummeting sales .
manchester united host aston villa in the premier league on saturday . louis van gaal has revealed he is set to discuss the club with sir alex ferguson . united have won their last two matches in all competitions . the red devils are currently fourth in the premier league table . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
celtic face inverness in the scottish premiership on saturday . stuart armstrong is hoping to win his first scottish premiership title . armstrong completed a move from dundee united to celtic in january .
usain bolt visited a gym at the base of rio de janeiro's mangueira favela . the six-time gold-medal sprinter converted three shots on the basketball court . bolt is in rio to promote an event over the weekend .
danny lambo, 37, bought girlfriend natasha flynn, 29, a £10,000 easter gift . the multi-millionaire has previously said he enjoys flaunting his wealth . he paid for a bath in her home that runs pure chocolate milk . the bespoke gift, which costs £1,000 each time, is now available to buy .
jockey blake shinn bared his bum to all at the hyland race colours plate in canterbury, australia on thursday . elastic in his pants gave way as he attempted to ride miss royale to victory . the 27-year-old was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down .
the canal and river trust in bath are carrying out the dredging operation . they have so far removed 150 trolleys as well as six vehicles . divers had already located and harnessed the dumped items . clean-up operation is costing £20,000 and was ordered by environment agency .
ariana miyamoto, 20, was born and raised in japan and speaks fluent japanese . she was chosen to represent her country in the miss universe pageant . the first ever mixed race miss japan lifted the lid on racial abuse . ariana says she was called a 'n****r' by peers growing up in the port town of sasebo .
tristram hunt, labour’s shadow education secretary, answered first and said ‘yes. in certain circumstances’ . ed miliband refused to publicly support labour’s deputy scottish leader, anas sarwar, when he chose to send his son to a private school in glasgow . ukip’s james arnott and the green party’s james humphreys also agreed that there was no problem with a future education secretary sending their children private .
abdirahman sheik mohamud, 23, from columbus, ohio, has been arrested and charged with supporting terrorism . he was instructed by a cleric to return to the us and commit an act of terrorism, according to indictment . mohamud's brother, abdifatah aden, was killed fighting with isis in 2013 .
julio acevedo, 46, was convicted of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide in february . nachman and raizel glauber, who were 7 months pregnant at the time of the crash, were killed instantly in williamsburg, brooklyn . acevedo was driving at 70mph, twice the speed limit, at the time of the crash . he was sentenced to 25 years to life in prison on monday .
vincent stanford, 24, is accused of murdering stephanie scott, 26, on easter sunday and dumping her body in bushland . mr stanford's mother anika met with leeton mayor paul maytom last thursday, revealing her grief and horror at the incident . a memorial service for ms scott, 26, will take place in eugowra in nsw's central west, at the venue where her wedding was due to be held .
finley lamb, from wallasey, merseyside, suffers from a rare brain abnormality . it means many of his 'grey matter' cells have not migrated to the correct position . he is also highly likely to suffer heart, lung and bowel problems . but the five-year-old stunned doctors when he took his first steps last year . now he walks two or three miles five days a week to primary school .
neil killham made the infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination 16 years ago . it features sponge, jam, custard, lamb, peas, onions and whipped cream . hapless character rachel green mistakenly thought it was a traditional english trifle . now a mancunian has whipped up their own version of the disgusting dessert .
the largest german bank will pay $775 million in penalties to the justice department, $800 million to the us commodity futures trading commission, $600 million to the new york department of financial services and $344 million to britain's financial conduct authority . the $2.5 billion fine is a record for interest-rate manipulation .
munroe bergdorf, 27, from east london, was a boy called ian until she was 18 . the beautiful dj has worked with and modelled for a variety of brands . now she's speaking out about the decision to take female hormones . hopes it will help other transgender teens .
ignacio piatti opened the scoring for montreal impact in the first half . oribe peralta equalised for america with a header in the 89th minute . nigel reo-coker captained the impact for 76 minutes before being replaced .
everton beat manchester united 2-0 at goodison park on saturday . james mccarthy and kevin mirallas scored the goals for the toffees . roberto martinez's side had previously lost 2-0 at chelsea .
lancashire's liam livingstone hit a reported world-record 350 for nantwich town against caldy on sunday . the 21-year-old all-rounder plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in his remarkable 138-ball innings . livingstone surpasses the previous record of 334 not out scored by nikhilesh surendran in hyderabad in 2008 .
matilda kahl, an art director at saatchi & saatchi, wears the exact same ‘uniform’ every single day because, as she explains to dailymail.com, 'i want to be judged on my work and my work only' .
ana ivanovic, caroline wozniacki, sabine lisicki and maria sharapova attended the porsche grand prix tennis opening ceremony in stuttgart . world no 1 serena williams was the highest profile absentee from the event . simona halep is close to overtaking sharapova in the wta rankings .
harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near tony hunt's home in derby . but a neighbour reported the three-year-old ginger tom had been hit . police knocked on a neighbour's door and asked for a black bin bag . a witness then described seeing them 'scooping harry up and placing him in the bag in the boot of the car' mr hunt, 42, is demanding an apology from the two officers involved .
broga is a rugged take on the 3,000-year-old practice of movement and breath . experts say it sets men free to flex tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to hindu deities or feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel .
john tuite, 22, and carlos santolalla, 25, go by the brangelina-like portmanteau jarlos . the male model it couple have starred in a campaign together for dkny and posed for big brands like edun and dsquared2 . both john and carlos had to drop their previous modeling agencies after they were told to act straight and delete their instagram account .
cnn's nina dos santos visits gorkha, a district northwest of kathmandu . she finds only about 10 collapsed or seriously damaged houses . the hospital campus is overflowing with patients .
more than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross mediterranean . capsized boat, carrying 550 people, flipped over around 24 hours after leaving libya . 150 survivors – mostly from sub-saharan africa – were rescued on monday .
james whitaker's reign as the ecb's head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is announced . whitaker's position has looked untenable since paul downton was axed as managing director of england cricket . yorkshire coach jason gillespie is the subject of renewed bids from south australia .
reading on scream factor of rollercoaster at flambards in helston to be recorded . the rollercoaster will be 'frightened' to hear over the easter holiday period . flambards owner ian cunningham is worried people will buy new houses .
kevin o'connor, owner of memories pizza, closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter, crystal, to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law . o'connor, the 61-year-old father of eight who has owned the restaurant for nine years said he never thought about taking the money and retiring . a crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours .
gold coast city council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses after the state government approved new planning powers . there are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties . the new powers, approved by deputy premier and planning minister jackie trad, mean there is now an official and legal definition of a party house . if an illegal party house is reported to the council, authorities will be able to force the owner of the property to apply for a development application .
manchester united are favourites to sign danny ings this summer . reds were prepared to exploit a premier league loophole to guarantee a transfer in the summer . real sociedad, tottenham and manchester city are all interested . ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the premier league .
khloe kardashian posted a photo of herself praying for baltimore on monday night as protests turned to riots in the hours following freddie gray's funeral . the 30-year-old reality tv star responded to the wave of criticism with a tweet that read: 'yall are too much. damned if i do. damned if i don't. so now it's wrong to pray? what is wrong with some of you guys? let me pray for you' . on wed
currently, google wallet's user agreement says funds are not protected by the federal deposit insurance corporation . however, a google spokesperson told yahoo finance that the current policy has changed . google wallet, along with paypal and venmo, is not legally required to be federally insured .
walter scott, 50, was killed by a south carolina police officer saturday . dash cam video shows scott running from officer michael slager . scott was the father of four children and served in the coast guard .
skeleton of camel used by ottoman troops besieging vienna in the 17th century . dna analysis on the skeleton confirmed it had been one of a hybrid species of camel .
indonesian attorney-general h.m. prasetyo praised the firing squad that executed bali nine pair andrew chan and myuran sukumaran . mr prasetyo said that 'all the shots were done perfectly' . he dismissed australia's withdrawal of its ambassador as a 'momentary reaction'
ryanair shared a photo of two of its staff by an advertising banner in terminal 2 . aer lingus had a dig at where ryanair fly their passengers out too . ryanair flies out of terminal 1 at dublin airport, whereas aer lingus fly out from terminal 2 .
the spider crabs migrate once a year in the port phillip bay area in southern victoria . the mobile mounds gather annually from april to july during what is thought to be their mating practice . the full migration is expected to occur in two to five weeks when the water temperature will drop to 14 degrees celsius .
justine jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening bottle . mother bought bottle of tesco finest garnacha wine to celebrate daughter's birthday . despite bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with, the family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach .
prince ottaviano de’medici di toscana is representative of the historic house of the medici . he wants to reclaim the city, saving it from the ruins of mass tourism . about 1.5 million cruise tourists arrive via bus from livorno and la spezia each year, staying in florence for just a couple of hours .
john doyle, 79, was ushering two 12-year-old girls across the road . businessman genti rustemi, 45, drove over the crossing point without slowing . mr doyle tapped his lollipop stick on the roof of the bmw as it hurtled past . rustemi returned to the crossing minutes later in a fit of temper and attacked mr doyle . he punched mr doyle in the face, knocking off his glasses and punching him in the chest .
when rihanna headed out to eat at a restaurant in santa monica this weekend, she left her bra at home . rita ora and nicole scherzinger both left the bra at home when attending a-list parties recently . rod stewart's daughter ruby decided to ditch her bra as she nipped out for a trip to the salon in sydney last weekend .
thomas hoey jr., 43, was sentenced to 12.5 years prison wednesday for refusing to help kimberly calo, 41, who died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol at a sex party at the kitano in january 2009 . calo died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol . hoey coerced nicole zobkiw to lie about what happened to calo, who died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol
bayern munich beat bayer leverkusen 5-3 on penalties in the german cup . pep guardiola is concerned about his team without arjen robben and franck ribery . ribery is out until may with an ankle injury while robben has a stomach muscle tear .
researchers at the japanese space agency will monitor how plants grow in a particular direction without a noticeable gravitational pull . the experiment is being run by researchers at the japanese space agency . german researchers are currently testing a greenhouse system, which uses recycled urine to manufacture fertiliser . they hope to build a greenhouse in antarctica to test the first space garden in 2016 .
jimmy anderson needs just three wickets to equal ian botham's record haul . anderson was known as the 'pro killer' during his early days with burnley . anderson was a shy introvert but with the ability to bowl at good pace .
the test was set for 14-year-olds in the singapore and asian schools . the olympiad often features logical reasoning questions and is set to test top achievers . people across the world were left baffled as they tried to solve the puzzle .
everton beat southampton 1-0 at goodison park on saturday . roberto martinez insists he is flexible in his tactical approach . the spaniard has come in for criticism for his tactics .
frankie dettori made it six winners in four days with a treble at newbury . dettori’s boss sheik joaan al thani had signed up gregory benoist to ride the french-based horses in his expanding string . dettori’s boss sheik joaan al thani has signed up gregory benoist to ride the french-based horses in his expanding string .
rabbis mendel epstein, jay goldstein and binyamin stimler were convicted tuesday . they were accused of conspiring to kidnap jewish men who refused to divorce their wives . lawyers for each of the rabbis tell cnn they plan on appealing the convictions .
aaron cresswell has been linked with a move to manchester city . sam allardyce has warned cresswell to look to jack rodwell and scott sinclair as examples . cresswell scored a stunning free-kick against stoke on saturday .
cyclist suffered punctured lung, broken ribs and a broken clavicle . uber driver emerson decarvalho charged with assault with a deadly weapon .
intel ceo brian krzanich showed off his smart wristband at a developers forum in china . he was able to control the four spiderbots with a flick of the wrist . the robots were powered by a tiny computer the size of a button .
tania isbester's staffordshire terrier izzy bit her finger in august 2012 . izzy was seized by knox city council in june 2013 after ms isbester pleaded guilty . ms isbester appealed to the high court hoping to save her dog from being put down . this is the first time a dog on death row is having its case heard in australia's highest court .
manchester united beat city 4-2 at the etihad stadium on sunday . wayne rooney's team talk inspired united to end their run of four defeats . daley blind hailed the team talk and said it was 'amazing' .
sofia vergara and nick loeb split in may 2014 . loeb is suing vergara to keep their two frozen embryos from their relationship .
dustin irons was appearing over video-link to a court in oregon when he managed to pull down his trousers for the lewd gesture . the outraged judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court . irons, 26, has been in prison since december after he was arrested for trashing a hotel room and assaulting people inside .
never-before-seen photographs show the horror of the doomed gallipoli landings during world war one . world leaders were joined by princes charles and harry on the royal navy's flagship hms bulwark in turkey's dardanelles straits . an estimated 1,000 allied soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion until january 1916 .
ed miliband will today pledge to cut deficit every year if labour wins election . he will warn supporters that labour faces coming to power in 'time of scarcity' mr miliband will claim ‘not one policy’ in it would be funded through extra borrowing . he will insist a labour government would ‘cut the deficit every year’ .
the wi has been told it must pay the royal albert hall thousands of pounds if it wants to serve the cakes to 5,000 women in june . idea was that members would find a box of centenary cake on their seats . but organisers were astonished to be told the gesture would incur a ‘sampling charge’ of £2,500 because the centenary cake has fallen foul of the hall’s sponsorship rules .
phillip buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the oakland raiders, and seventeenth overall, when his mother made the request in 2002 . buchanon, who also played for the houston texans, tampa bay buccaneers, detroit lions and washington redskins before retiring in 2011, discussed the incident in his recently released book new money: stay rich .
ander herrera has shunned comparisons with paul scholes . the manchester united midfielder says 'there will never be another scholes' herrera says he is superstitious and wears both 'ander' and 'herrera' on his shirt .
jenrry mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay . the new york mets closer tested positive for the banned substance stanozolol . the 25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least july .
social services minister scott morrison has announced the end to religious exemption on children’s vaccinations for access to childcare benefits . parents who refuse to immunise their children are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child when the changes come into force from january 1, 2016 . families who do vaccinate their kids are eligible for the $7,500-a-year childcare rebate, $200-a-week childcare benefit and $726 family tax benefit .
charley hull is the best teenage golfer in britain . hull possesses the same ‘wow’ factor as world no 1 rory mcilroy . the 19-year-old is keen to know everything about turnberry .
teachers are suffering broken arms and severed fingers at hands of violent pupils . nasuwt union said indiscipline is a ‘significant problem’ . last year staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children’s throats .
sisters sheree and sophie morgan allowed their bank accounts to be used . they agreed to let their accounts be used to accept stolen money . victims were conned out of over £36,000 by a fraudster posing as a policeman . he pretended to be a metropolitan police detective sergeant . the couple tried to get their money back but were refused .
lesa strachan: "you shot him once but you kept going and you shot him six times" kelly dorsey: "i knew of him as a football player, not a person"
a new video created by oprah winfrey's own tv, reveals just what happens in a child's mind when they become angry and upset . the video, titled, what children can teach us about anger, is described as showing that 'you're never too old, or too young, to discover mindfulness and let anger go' .
caroline wozniacki shared a video of her first on court interviews as a youngster . the dane won a youth tournament as an 11-year-old . wozniacki made her roland garros senior debut as a 17-year-old in 2007 .
fitness guru ashy bines has admitted some of the recipes she shared had been copied from other websites . the 26-year-old is best known for her 12-week exercise program, ashy bines bikini body challenge . ms bines also reveals she has been bullied by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child .
england face italy in euro 2016 qualifier at the juventus stadium on tuesday . wayne rooney, harry kane and ian ladyman all start for roy hodgson's side . sportsmail's top team of reporters have submitted their starting xis .
christian benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3 with qpr . the belgian striker's treble was his first in two years at villa park . villa are three points above the premier league drop zone .
john terry was accused of racially abusing anton ferdinand in 2011 . terry retired from international football in september 2012 . capello resigned as england manager in february 2012 .
katie prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs . her insurance company, kentucky medicaid, will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the university of pittsburgh medical center . her husband dalton, 23, who has already received new lungs, is pleading for help and says: 'we are running out of options and need your help'
robert bates, 73, appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter . eric harris was killed on april 2 during a botched sting operation . in 2009, the tulsa sheriff's office concluded that bates had received special treatment during training and while working as a reserve deputy . investigation found that other deputies raised concerns about bates' behavior in the field .
truckers from bulgaria, poland and romania offered £100 for each driver . mainline offered incentive to anyone who refers qualified driver to work for four weeks . company tried to attract lorry drivers from cornwall to base in swindon . but they say they were forced to look further afield when scheme failed . vacancy crisis will re-ignite claims that britain’s generous welfare system has created a generation unwilling to work .
elizabeth scarborough, 21, started learning to play taylor's music when she was 15 after classmates told her she looked like the grammy winner . the charleston, south carolina, native can also sing, dance, and act just like her lookalike .
tim sherwood insists aston villa's impending takeover is not a concern . villa boss plans to build a squad in his image for next season provided the club stay up . villa face manchester united at old trafford on saturday .
floyd mayweather faces manny pacquiao in the american mega-fight on may 2 . pay-per-view watchers in america will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) to watch the fight . mayweather has just spent $300,000 on yet another mercedes 'land yacht' .
raheem sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with liverpool team-mate jordon ibe earlier this season . arsenal midfielder jack wilshere has been under fire three times . sportsmail details five other premier league stars involved in similar incidents away from the field .
carine roitfeld, the magazine's global fashion director, personally chose gigi hadid, 19, along with jing wen, laura james, anna cleveland, ondria hardin, antonia wilson, kitty hayes, and paige reifler .
a team of eight graffiti artists painted 30 phone booths in beijing overnight . they used 24 cans of paint to paint the neglected phone boxes . artist xiao wang said they wanted to raise a smile with burnt-out residents . he said living and working in beijing is 'very stressful'
system spots chemical signals in exhaled air linked to tumour development . israeli researchers say it is accurate, cheap and allows patients to be monitored without using invasive procedures .
stephen akers-belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons . but he was pictured the same day aboard hms warrior, 323 miles away . he was dismissed from care manager role with newcastle city council . akers-belcher claims he has been sacked for whistle blowing .
jonah willow, 12, played chess grandmaster alexander cherniaev for hours . the russian offered the youngster a draw after two hours of play . jonah beat three other players in the nottingham chess congress .
yaphet kotto said bond role was created by ian fleming for a white actor . he said: 'political correctness be damned, we have to stay with what is correct' comes after speculation black british actor idris elba is in the running .
britons are having sex three times a month, research has revealed . this was compared to four times a month in 2000 and five times a month in 1990 . statistician professor david spiegelhalter says smartphone use may be to blame .
marouane fellaini set to start against manchester city on sunday . louis van gaal has praised the rebirth of the belgian midfielder . fellaini was jeered by both united and city fans in a 3-0 defeat last season .
alison sharland, 47, agreed £10.35m deal with ex-husband charles in 2010 . she believed it was half his fortune, but his firm was valued at £132m . mr sharland, 54, lied to court about value and refused to overturn settlement . mrs sharland will now take her fight to the supreme court in june .
pittsburgh-based pop-up store less than 100 has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap . female customers are only charged 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full . owner elana schlenker said she is concerned that women are undervalued .
judge rules craig hicks' case is "death penalty qualified," wral and wtvd report . hicks was arrested february 10 in the deaths of three muslim college students .
before and after images show how the wave of snow, ice and rock flattened the usually serene 18,000-foot-altitude base camp on saturday . the avalanche started on mount kumori, a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from everest . eighteen people died in the avalanche, including four americans, and 61 were injured, according to nepal's mountaineering department .
coronation street star samia ghadie visited new york in january 2001 . she and boyfriend sylvain longchambon spent four nights in the city . sylvain and samia stayed at the marriott where the service was fantastic .
australia has one of the toughest immigration policies in the developed world . asylum seekers are rejected on board naval warships at sea before being returned immediately . pm tony abbott says the eu must 'urgently' follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the mediterranean as they seek a new life in europe . italian pm matteo renzi said his country was ‘at war’ with migrant traffickers, describing them as ‘the slave traders of the 21st century’ .
saskia, 17, aced the 'arsenal exam' given by her boyfriend on monday . she scored 43.5 out of a possible 50 points, or 87 per cent . the post has since been retweeted 9,600 times, almost five times for each of her 1,900 or so followers .
kenneth morgan stancil iii, 20, is awaiting extradition from florida to north carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old ron lane . stancil, who gave himself fascist face tattoos, told raleigh's wral-tv on wednesday that he killed lane because lane had made sexual advances to stancil's 16-year-old brother . stancil said lane tried to take advantage of his brother
celtic lost 1-0 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final first leg . virgil van dijk scored the only goal of the game in the 16th minute . josh meekings was sent off for handling leigh griffith's free-kick .
mohammad liaqat launched a tirade of racial abuse at white teachers . the 34-year-old objected to the strict uniform policy at mount carmel high school . two 14-year-olds were banned from lessons for refusing to shave their beards . liaqat was found guilty of one count of assault and five counts of racially or religiously aggravated behaviour .
roxy wallace, 50, was a bodyguard until two years ago, plagued by depression . condition was caused by bob's belief that he had been born into wrong body . it made it impossible to have meaningful relationship with son william, 9 . but in october 2013, roxy told her wife jo, 44, about her feelings . with jo's full support, roxy started gender reassignment journey . couple, who married in 1994, are still together, now in a lesbian relationship .
birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of memphis street in wylam around 8:45 a.m. on sunday . on searching the property police found the 28-year-old suspect inside . he was put in handcuffs with his hands behind his back and placed him in the back of a police cruiser . he then drove less than a mile to the 4600 block of 9th avenue wylam where he abandoned the car and attempted to flee on foot
homes such as these in china are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail houses' because they stick out and are difficult to remove . one house in wenling, zhejiang province, had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move .
the problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the mini cooper and cooper s . bmw estimates that ten per cent of the cars being recalled have the problem . only one person has been injured so far as a result of the defect .
manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather will meet in las vegas on may 2 . the pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago . but it fell through, leaving the boxing world wondering whether they would meet again . trainer freddie roach believes pacquiao is better equipped now than in 2010 . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
a 4-foot-high, 100-pound sculpted bust of the infamous nsa whistle-blower was sneaked into brooklyn's fort greene park in the pre-dawn hours monday . the activists hoisted the unsanctioned bust to the top of a revolutionary war memorial and secured it with an adhesive material, adding his name to a column . the activists allowed it to document installation of the statue on the condition that it not reveal the identities of the artists .
antonio valente, from dallas, texas, first learned of the ruse when he received a message from marianne heinrich, who lives in vienna, two weeks ago . she told him that someone using the name 'johnson michael lynn' had created a fake facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter . she befriended him online and told him he wanted to marry her . when he said he needed money to pay taxes in england, she
stephanie scott was a 'favourite teacher' to many students at leeton high school . mothers have expressed anger over the loss of their children's 'favourite teacher' a week before students are due to return to class after school holidays, mothers have taken to a community facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old's murder has affected their kids . police are due to begin an autopsy on stephanie scott's body to determine how she was killed .
wasps will appeal against three-week ban handed to nathan hughes . hughes knocked out northampton's george north at franklin's gardens . north suffered third concussion in four months against wasps .
john avlon: mike pence, a koch favorite, is drawing heat for signing a religious freedom law . avlon: pence has scored a lot of points this week among ultraconservatives .
the flaw was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers simone bovi and mauro gentile and specifically applies to version 2.5.1 of afnetworking . it leaves any information, even if its sent over a seemingly secure https connection, potentially open to hackers . this includes uber, microsoft's onedrive and movies by flixster .
a group of technologically-challenged senior citizens are left completely and utterly befuddled by popular messaging app snapchat after attempting to use it for the first time . in the latest video from thefinebros youtube channel, the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to snapchat . many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app, but they still can't wrap their heads around the point of it .
lily james has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery . claudia connell and eliza scarborough reveal how it's been eight weeks . from £3,000 jimmy choo shoes to £35,000 gown and £40,000 necklace .
nra ceo wayne lapierre urged members to stand up against looming gun-control efforts . lapierre declared that nobody 'should be forced to face evil with bare hands' as he called congress to permit handguns licence-carriers to carry their weapon in every state . 'there's no telling how far president obama will go to dismantle our freedoms and reshape america into an america that you and i will not even recognize,' lapierre said .
study found little foot lived at roughly the same time as australopithecus afarensis, the species whose most famous . fossil, known as lucy, comes from ethiopia .
dick advocaat has refused to rule out staying at sunderland beyond the end of this season . the 67-year-old has signed a nine-game deal with the black cats . advocaat celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 win over newcastle .
patrick bamford scored the opening goal for middlesbrough in the 20th minute . the chelsea loanee equalled the club's record goal return of the modern era . aitor karanka's side took 21 of their 35 points away from the dw stadium .
peter tarsey and wife jean, both 77, found shot dead in villa in xalo, spain . they were found covered in raincoats and locked in each other's arms . friend, ann, said: 'what we found was like something out of your worst nightmare' police have launched a murder investigation and are not ruling out lines of inquiry .
enoch gaver, 21, was killed in the fight in cottonwood, arizona . david gaver, 28, was shot in the stomach and taken into custody .
wasps beat welsh 40-13 at the kassam stadium in the aviva premiership . tom varndell scored a hat-trick as wasps ran out comfortable winners . ashley johnson, sailosi tagicakibau and alapati leiua also scored tries .
so far, the government has frozen 86 accounts, but that number could go up . the government has tracked supporters of al-shabaab since 2011 .
rosdeep adekoya beat son mikaeel to death in kircaldy, fife, in january last year . she then stuffed his body in suitcase and dumped it in woods in kircaldy . his death came just six months after he was returned to adekoya's care . social workers also visited family a number of times over two years . review into whether care teams could or should have predicted death concludes it 'could not have been predicted'
the vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called tarp found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers . tarp is also found in about 50 per cent of breast cancers . if successful, it could be used as a first line treatment for prostate and potentially breast cancer in the future .
jan hansen's creation took him three days to put together . he commissioned an iron worker to make a special frame for his easter egg . the chocolate had to be tempered overnight and had to be tempered . mr hansen hopes to raise £1,000 from the sale of the egg for st barnabas hospice .
david adam pate, 25, from lancaster, north carolina, pleaded guilty to stabbing 33-year-old ricky james to death in november 2013 . he told his mother he enjoyed knifing james 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine in november 2013 . he told police he just wanted to 'cut his dad gum head off' and that he cut him with a butcher's knife, 'just like the one michael myers used
june whitfield will play sister ruth, a nun, in the bbc soap next week . the 89-year-old is best known for her role in absolutely fabulous . she said it was an 'absolute delight' to work with jessie wallace .
queens park rangers beat west brom 4-1 at the hawthorns on saturday . joey barton believes his side have a 'hell of a chance' of staying up . qpr are just three points behind aston villa in the premier league .
carlo ancelotti faces a midfield selection dilemma ahead of wednesday's la liga clash with rayo vallecano . real madrid are four points behind la liga leaders barcelona with nine games left . isco and james rodriguez are available for the first time in two months . james broke a bone in his foot and ancelotti must decide which player joins toni kroos and luka modric across the centre .
louise nesbitt was employed at perth mining exploration company dragon mountain gold . she mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber for the firm . she immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message . ms nesbitt was fired five days after the incident, with her employer saying it was due to 'gross misconduct'
officers seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray shetland foal . incident took place around 10am on tuesday along interstate 35w in fort worth, with traffic backed up as a result . video footage shows the hooved-animal cantering along the tarmac with police cars following behind . in the end it was steered into a clear space, allowing authorities to get close .
rafael is surplus to requirements at manchester united and will be sold . the brazilian right-back was hurt by a stray knee from leicester's anthony knockaert . the 24-year-old is expected to be out for around six weeks . united have handed trials to mk dons teenagers luke tingey and kyran wiltshire .
katie, a giraffe at the dallas zoo, gave birth in an hour-long labor . the baby joins a sister, 4-year-old calf jamie .
the fda recalls more than 70,000 cases of hummus from amy's kitchen . the recall is not based on the use-by dates, but the consumer is at an automatic disadvantage .
three syrian men were arrested by police in ragusa, a sicilian port town . they were at the helm of a turkish-flagged yacht attempting to reach italy . the yacht was filled with syrian and palestinian migrants who paid $8,500 each . police said the 'cargo' was worth $800,000 - or £536,000 to the organisers .
alice barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos played . she had danced at legendary clubs like the apollo, cotton club and zanzibar club . but she had never gotten the chance to watch herself dance . david shuff, who met barker years ago, reunited her with her videos .
elijah mccrae suffered with the fatal genetic disease type 1 spinal muscular atrophy . his parents, jessica and andrew, created a 30-item 'bucket list' for their son . 'we thought we had at least another week,' ms mccrae said. 'he passed peacefully in my arms. they tried to revive him but we knew he was telling us it's his time' .
steve esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill in st. john, delaware . the family is hopeful for a full recovery .
sebastien pocognoli says he's baffled by tony pulis' decision to drop him . the belgian defender was an important player under alan irvine . pocognoli says he wants to stay in the premier league .
atletico madrid face real madrid at the bernabeu on wednesday . diego simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of english clubs in europe . chelsea, arsenal and manchester city were eliminated at the last 16 stage .
sophie wilson, 17, performed cpr on bradley parkes, 16, in coventry . she and a friend found him hanging from a tree during a woodland walk . the teenager was taken to birmingham children's hospital in a coma . his mother tiffany, 35, revealed he had made a 'miracle' recovery .
hundreds gathered at eat your greens in eugowra to pay their respects to stephanie scott, who was allegedly murdered on easter sunday . among the mourners were her fiance and partner of five years aaron leeson-woolley, who was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow flower pinned to his shirt . her sister, kim, shared humorous childhood memories of ms scott with the crowd and painted a picture of someone with a strong sense of who she was . 
annabel beam, now 12, slipped and fell 30ft inside hollow cottonwood tree . she hit her head three times and was rushed to cook children's hospital . doctors said: 'i guess someone up there was looking out for her' mother, christy beam, 42, believes her daughter 'has no interest in melodrama'
paper cones are usually used to trap coffee grounds when brewing at home . but they can provide an inexpensive way to complete a range of household tasks . femail has rounded up the 20 unusual things you can do with coffee filter papers .
south korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks . the 2013 attack, known as "dark seoul," paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters . the latest high-profile digital incursion, in december, attempted to steal data from south korea's nuclear operator .
research led by the university of montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements . researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise, it didn’t matter what food was eaten . performance remained the same after resting for several hours . levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ‘fuel’ - were actually slightly higher after fast food was eaten as a recovery food .
lz granderson: rand paul is trying to sell himself as a different type of republican . he says gop can't appeal to black voters unless it has a commitment to issues facing minority communities .
nico rosberg is four-hundredths of a second behind lewis hamilton . mercedes team-mate sebastian vettel is third, nearly a second behind hamilton . rosberg has now been out-qualified by hamilton at each of the three races this season .
dzhokhar tsarnaev is found guilty on all 30 counts he faced in the boston marathon bombings . he was sentenced to death on wednesday .
gaston pinsard, 96, was jailed for 18 months for historic abuse of two girls . the father-of-four claimed he was himself abused at jersey children's home . pinsard was born in 1919 and joined army after leaving haut de la garenne . he was questioned by police last year and immediately confessed .
poppy smart was wolf-whistled at by builders on her walk to work in worcester . 23-year-old marketing co-ordinator tried to ignore whistling for a month . but after a month of unwanted attention, she called the police . she also contacted construction company to complain of sexual harassment .
dawn, who has had seven miscarriages, was on the jeremy kyle show . accused her friend, burglar jamie, of making off with £207 for a gravestone . but one of mr kyle's lie detector tests revealed he had taken the cash . dawn, who has had seven miscarriages, burst into tears and stormed off .
holly nicole solomon, now 31, admitted to running over her husband daniel in a parking lot in mesa, arizona . bystanders said solomon had been slamming the door of her jeep repeatedly while yelling at him . she then is said to have chased him down with the suv, driving in circles as he tried to hide behind a light pole . solomon originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct for the incident .
nicolas diaz, 81, allegedly stabbed ex-boyfriend kevin rivera, 21, to death . amber diaz and mr rivera got into a dispute at their home in brooklyn, new york . diaz wanted to break up the fight, relatives said, and 'stabbed mr rivera' medics found mr rivera with a chest wound, but he was later pronounced dead . diaz has been charged with manslaughter and criminal possession of a weapon
falkirk beat hibernian 1-0 in the scottish cup semi-final at hampden park . craig sibbald scored the decisive goal in the 74th minute . peter houston wentaded rival alan stubbs after the match .
body of andrew getty, 47, was found in a bathroom at his gated, three-storey villa in the hollywood hills on tuesday afternoon . he was an heir to the vast getty oil fortune . a string of gettys have died from drug overdoses, while another grandson of the family patriarch, jean paul getty iii, never recovered after he became the victim of a brutal kidnapping .
middlesbrough bounced back from defeat to watford with 2-0 win . lee tomlin and patrick bamford scored for aitor karanka's side . boro stay fourth in the championship table .
lord prescott said prince charles has 'a lot to offer this country' he said he has 'a lot of time for charles' who he described as a 'passionate environmentalist' the former deputy prime minister said he cannot see a problem with the future king writing to government ministers .
tony pulis' west bromwich albion beat crystal palace 2-0 on saturday . baggies midfielder james morrison and craig gardner scored the goals . pulis said he would never take his cap off during a game .
adam gadahn was known as the american mouthpiece of al qaeda . he was killed in january in a u.s. counterterrorism operation .
tomas driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home . his five-month-old daughter was taken to hospital with breathing difficulties . infant died later that day after suffering 'several injuries', police said . the 22-year-old mother, identified by neighbours as renata braskyte, was today released on bail pending further enquiries .
arsenal face aston villa in the fa cup final at wembley on may 30 . the gunners will wear their yellow and blue away strip in the final . tim sherwood's villa side won the coin toss ahead of the final .
the men - two 21-year-olds and a 25 and 22-year-old - collapsed on the vessel on good friday forcing it to dock near the opera house . one man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit, including blue ones with scissor stamps on them . three men and a woman were hospitalised last november after taking the pills .
officer michael slager is charged with murder in shooting death of walter scott . scott, an unarmed black man, was shot in the back by slager .
cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs . the fight took place in the food court area of resorts world casino . 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived .
candice bergen, now 68, was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit cbs sitcom, murphy brown . her father, edgar bergen, spent more time with the dummy than his first-born child, candice . charlie mccarthy was willed $10,000 with the proviso that the funds be managed, invested and reinvested to fund ventriloquist .
maria malone-guerbaa, 41, from london, just used paints to transform herself . mother-of-two used only brushes and professional kryolan paint .
memories pizza in walkerton faced criticism this week after co-owner crystal o'connor expressed support for a new indiana religious objections law . o'connor and her father kevin o'connor went on fox news on thursday to discuss their comments and and the backlash they've received . 'we plan to re-open soon we just don't know when,' said kevin .
final discworld novel written by sir terry pratchett will be released this year . the shepherd's crown will feature tiffany aching, a witch-in-training . she has featured in four of sir terry's books to date, including three in 2003 .
a guard at the u.s. census bureau was shot and critically wounded outside its headquarters in suitland, maryland, a suburb of washington, d.c. thursday . authorities locked down the campus until about 8pm amid reports that the shooter had barricaded himself inside after ramming the front gates . the shooter had instead taken some three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into d.c. that ended when officers shot him on a busy northeast washington street .
floyd mayweather fights manny pacquiao at the mgm grand in las vegas on may 2 . american boxer is expected to earn between $89.99 (£59) and $99.99 (£66) in the uk, sky box office is offering the fight for £19.99 . canadian data crunchers sports interaction have put together all the big numbers to find out who will earn what .
bayern munich director matthias sammer says the club must make plans for the future before it is too late . philipp lahm, bastian schweinsteiger, arjen robben and franck ribery are all approaching the latter stages of their career . sammer joined bayern from dortmund in 2012 .
drew hollinshead, 21, stopped in the first space available in bournemouth . he saw the pensioner collapse on the pavement and rushed over to help . but as he helped her for less than a minute a traffic warden issued a ticket . mr hollinshead initially tore it up and threw it in the bin before returning . he said the council warden could see what he was doing and he was punished .
heidi bretscher, 28, ended up running entirely off the planned route and around a lake that wasn't even on the course . despite her unscheduled detour, ms. bretscher was brought back on track by a couple of helpful cops who drove her in their patrol cars . she still managed to cross the line nine minutes ahead of her closest rival .
edda goering, 76, has always refused to criticise her father hermann goering . he plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew . ms goering petitioned the bavarian parliament's legal affairs committee for compensation for her 'father's legacy expropriated in 1948' she claims the posthumous expropriation of his assets two years after his death was illegal .
petri kurti, 13, murdered glynis bensley, 47, as she walked home in smethwick . kurti then fled to a nearby park and boasted about the savage attack . co-defendant zoheb majid was sentenced to 10 years behind bars . kurti was jailed for a minimum of 12 years today and will be on licence for life .
a ban on women attending men's sports events in iran will be lifted, a top official says . but it isn't clear exactly which games women will be able to attend .
residents from lijin village in dongying city carry gas in huge bags . worried passers-by compared behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs . behaviour reported on as early as may 2011 in zibo city in shandong .
robert durst, 72, has been absolved of state gun charges in louisiana . the ruling on thursday clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in new orleans, which local lawyers believe he can win . durst, who faces a murder charge in an unrelated california case, remains jailed without bond in louisiana . he was arrested in march the day before the finale of his hbo docu-series the jinx .
gloucester face edinburgh in the challenge cup final on may 1 . the cherry and whites beat exeter 30-19 in their last-four tie . may was dropped from england squad after poor showing against italy .
julian lines was filmed scaling a sheer 60ft rock face in the cairngorms . he used just his hands and feet for support as he edging towards summit . the 42-year-old has been solo climbing for almost 30 years .
heather mack, 19, and tommy schaefer, 21, battered sheila von wiese-mack to death . schaefer was sentenced to 18 years in prison . mack gave birth to her own daughter just weeks ago .
omar hussain, 27, from high wycombe, posts videos online under abu sa'eed al-britani . he accuses a fellow 'brother' of running away from the frontline in syria 'when it was only him and me defending the post' hussain has warned would-be jihadi brides to choose wisely .
kamron t. taylor, 23, was convicted of murdering his son nelson jr in february . he escaped from the jerome combs detention center in kankakee at about 3am wednesday after beating a guard unconscious and stealing his uniform and suv . nelson williams sr, 48, says taylor shouted, 'i'm going to get you mother*******' taylor, who has a history of escape
luke lazarus was jailed for at least three years on march 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father's soho nightclub in may 2013 . lazarus hired back schwartz vaughan - a liquor licensing specialist law firm, who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction . lazarus said he thought the sex was consensual and that fact that it wasn't made him 'absolutely sick to my stomach' .
amina ali qassim and her family fled yemen at first light, piling in with three other families . the bab al-mandab strait is now being crossed by desperate yemenis seeking refuge . qassim's son describes the journey across this part of the red sea as "a window into hell"
in 2009 ceion, n.y., unveiled a statue of hometown icon lucile ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror . the depiction is so unflattering a facebook page called 'we love lucy! get rid of this statue' has attracted more than 600 likes . artist dave poulin has declined comment .
daria rose lost everything in hurricane sandy and was recently accepted to seven ivy league schools . the 18-year-old immersed herself in her studies after she and her family lost everything -- including their home -- when the superstorm hit in october 2012 . rose said she never gave up on her dream of attending an ivy league school .
naturalists in paradise is the story of three young british explorers . they set off in 1961 to explore the iriri river in a remote part of the amazon . richard mason was the last englishman to be killed by an uncontacted tribe .
sarah wilson hit out at mamamia after it published her photograph alongside a story about orthorexia nervosa . wilson's face was plastered on the article alongside wellness blogger belle gibson and paleo diet preacher pete evans . evans' cookbook, bubba yum yum: the paleo way, was recently dropped by its publisher after the public health association of australia found 'a baby may die' .
cassandra fortin was ordered by the connecticut supreme court to undergo chemotherapy for hodgkin's lymphoma in december . the 17-year-old was declared in remission in march . her mother, jackie fortin, said the hospital tried to prevent her mother from visiting her room . the supreme court ruled against her claim that she was mature enough to make her own medical decisions .
gary neville co-commentated for martin tyler during the manchester derby . neville said 'smalling has scored. it's a mauling for city' after the goal . neville was all over this thrilling derby right from the get go .
underwater suites at the atlantis, the palm resort in dubai boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into an aquarium . the signature suites are three storeys high with a 1,776 square foot floor plan that includes a large living and dining room . with a base price of just under £5,500 ($8,200) a night, each suite has elegant perks, including soap with 24-carat gold flakes .
real madrid want to sign manchester united goalkeeper david de gea . but they are prepared to wait until next summer if louis van gaal doesn't negotiate . de gea's contract at old trafford expires in the summer of 2016 . lionel messi's injury dominates in spain, while marca focus on james rodriguez .
erik compton, 35, will tee off this week at the masters on his third heart . compton had a first heart transplant at 12, then a second in 2008 after a major heart attack . he's spent most of the intervening years battling on minor league circuits, then becoming an advocate and spokesman for donate life, an alliance for national and local groups raising awareness about organ and tissue donation .
oxford women made history on saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years . for the first time in 88 years the women’s race was staged on the famous tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men . the women struck a telling blow for sporting equality in racing the same championship course on the same day as the men .
christy mack, 23, suffered 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney, a ruptured liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib . she claims mma fighter jonathan paul koppenhaver, 33, became abusive months into their one-year relationship . mack met koppenhaver on a photo shoot when she had pneumonia and he offered to care for her, bringing pizza to her hotel . six months later, a male friend corey koppenhaver allegedly cut off her hair with
aidan turner, 31, has admitted to using baby oil to show off physique . bbc make-up department may have gone for a little gentle pruning . fans have taken to twitter to comment on poldark male grooming .
eric coins, who was drinking in sunrise, florida, posted the video to youtube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women . in the footage, a young man is seen on camera asking the 'fake service member' a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training . the man then says basic training is conducted in fort benning, georgia and not miami .
chelsea beat arsenal 2-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . jose mourinho left didier drogba on the bench until the second half . eden hazard, willian and oscar have an element of fantasy about their play . mourinho is staying true to the game because the end result will be a fourth barclays premier league title for this club .
alcohol regulators in oregon, us, have approved plans for craft beer . will be made from waste collected by sewage treatment firm clean water services . will be handed over to microbrewers who will turn it into a tasty tipple .
hamdi ulukaya was once a turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the u.s. food industry . his american-born ex, dr. ayse giray, sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality . on april 10, after years of wrangling and a pronouncement by giray's camp just last month, ulukaya settled for an unknown sum .
john frost is a customs specialist at london airports . he has had to listen to people lying through their teeth at you . snakes, bush meat, combs that double as flick-knives and monkeys . hospitals were put on the alert to look out for ‘anyone who had trouble sitting down’ .
cressida bonas, 26, unveiled as mulberry's new ambassador . shows off mulberry's spring/summer 2015 collection in new shoot . dated prince harry for two years until last april when they broke up .
claudetteia love, a senior and one of the top students at carroll high in monroe, louisiana, said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends . but now she and her friends are staying away . though a petition was started and signed by members of the senior class to allow love to wear a tuxedo, it was not acted on by school faculty .
milos zeman was criticised by u.s. ambassador andrew schapiro . schapiro planned to attend annual victory day parade in moscow . president zeman has banned schapiro from prague castle .
karla hornby, 29, gave birth to freddie, weighing just 2lbs, by emergency caesarean section while on holiday in benidorm with partner jordan jackson . couple have been told they will have to stay in spain for at least three months while freddie builds up his strength . mr jackson, 21, a soldier in the army's royal logistics corps, is meant to report back for service tomorrow .
couple took 14-year-old son out of sweyne park school without permission . they were originally fined £120 for the unauthorised absence from essex school . but they appealed unsuccessfully and court bailiffs visited demanding £1,230 . boy’s grandmother paid up to stop bailiffs taking property to cover fine . grandmother said: 'it's quite a sober warning to other parents'
leslie cooper, 36, appeared in court charged with murdering abdul hadi arwani . police also searched the wembley home of burnell mitchell, 61 . mr mitchell is director of community centre where mr arwani used to preach .
britain will go from being hotter than turkey and ibiza to colder than moscow, stockholm and finland in a matter of days . the met office has forecast rain through the morning in the capital with the chance of thunderstorms . the arctic airmass, also known as a polar maritime mass, will arrive on saturday after it has blasted over from iceland .
paul downton lost his job as the england and wales cricket board's managing director of cricket on wednesday . vaughan is among the early frontrunners for the new role with the ecb . ashes 2005 winning skipper vaughan is among the early frontrunners .
homecamp, which launched in january, has been attracting backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation . one sydney-sider, steve york, has been using the website to connect with potential guests and has already had four successful bookings . there are currently more than 50 australian homeowners using the website, according to founder david abitbol .
stéphane charbonnier, known as charb, finished just two days before being murdered . argued left-leaning intellectuals who denounced cartoons were 'ridiculous demagogues' letter opens letter to fraudsters of islamophobia who play into racists' hands .
roger federer believes rafael nadal is still the favourite for the french open . nadal suffered his earliest exit in 12 years at the barcelona open last week . world no 1 novak djokovic is 30-2 so far this season .
pauline bruce's neighbour yvonne ireland evans terrorised her for seven years . she plagued her with silent calls, taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs . yvonne went from being a friend, to a nuisance, and then a threat to their safety . she didn't show any compassion when her husband was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2011 .
gertrude pitkanen would take newborn babies from their mother's arms for as little as $100 in butte, montana, in the 1920s . the illicit market grew until pitkanen decided to stop in the 1950s . most of the victims have now aged, have families and have forged their own lives . they have joined together to form a group called gertie's babies who have been using dna to trace their biological families . heather livergood, 69, was purchased for $100 in a motel room in 1946 .
prime minister's wife visited growing zone allotment project in west yorkshire . mrs cameron was campaigning with tory candidate alec shelbrooke in elmet and rothwell . she said best thing about campaigning was 'getting out and about' .
manuel garza jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing san antonio police officer john 'rocky' riojas in february 2001 . he is the sixth convicted murderer to be executed in texas this year . the u.s. supreme court refused in november to review his case, and no last-day appeals were filed before his execution .
erica avery was thrown back in jail tuesday for allegedly breaking the conditions of her pre-trial release by threatening the victim online . avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in hollywood, florida . cell phone video emerged showing avery and her friend patricia montes leering over the victim as she writhed half naked and wept in the yard of jayvon woolfork's home .
karen buckley, 24, died of head and neck injuries, according to death certificate . alexander pacteau, 21, charged with her murder and attempting to defeat the ends of justice on april 17 . miss buckley disappeared after night out in glasgow's west end earlier this month sparking a four-day police search . her remains were uncovered at high craigton farm, east dunbartonshire .
kecil the one-year-old orangutan had to be moved from his birthplace at toledo zoo, in ohio, 14 months ago after his natural mother failed to form a bond with him . he was moved to milwaukee county zoo and given to a second surrogate mother, but she did not form a bond with him either . maggie, 53, has already raised four children of her own and a fifth surrogate which was given to her in 2002 . zookeeper
a woman was rescued from her car which had become submerged in flood waters following saturday's severe storms . she was one of two people that had become trapped in rising waters at zetland in sydney's inner-east . the woman was spotted by the same police rescue squad officer on his way to work . she was helped out of the vehicle by the officer and his co-worker at about 6.30pm and did not suffer any injuries .
xiao gao, 11, has not spoken in five days after classmate gave him water . combination of water, perfume and chalk dust should not have caused damage . gao, from fujian province in south east china, is now awaiting further medical examination as well as an appointment with a psychologist .
tim sherwood has invigorated aston villa and has improved their performances . villa won the european cup in 1982 and there's nothing wrong with being ambitious, but fans have to be realistic . when things start to go wrong, villa park can be an unforgiving place .
lance corporal albert duffy survived bomb blasts during glittering military career . but after returning home to uk he was attacked at a bus stop in hartlepool . keith anderson punched adam crosby and left him in a coma for 14 days . thug then punched another man, injuring him and leaving him in a coma . he was jailed for seven years at teesside crown court this week .
manchester united manager louis van gaal has been given the green light to make gareth bale his top summer transfer target . moshin tanveer, who suffers from duchenne muscular dystrophy, handed van gaal a list of potential targets at a club fan day . the dutchman read out the names of mats hummels, nathaniel clyne, paul pogba, gareth bale, memphis depay and jackson martinez . tan
aaron siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 . torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting . in the meantime a billboard, paid for by the kenosha professional police association, has been erected in kenosham, wisconsin . 'thank you for your support, kenosha,' it reads .
chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with belgian club royal mouscron-peruwelz . mouscron had a partnership with lille but that is now set to end . blues are currently 13th in belgium's pro league .
teachers want children to have more play time to encourage greater communication and social skills . they want schools to follow the lead of countries like finland which has 15 minute play time after lessons . resolution calls for play in the curriculum at key stage 1 (five to seven-year-olds) nut general secretary christine blower said many children are not ready for the 'formal sitting down' and 'come on let's do some work stage' before they are seven .
memphis depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season . the dutch international has been tipped to leave psv eindhoven . technical director marcel brands has confirmed interest from 'big clubs' .
mountain lion - known as p-22 - was found in the crawlspace on monday . workers were installing a security system at the home in los feliz . but he has so far resisted all attempts to get him to move out .
the ss city of cairo was travelling from bombay to england in 1942 . it was torpedoed by a u-boat 480 miles south of st helena, taking 100 tons of rupees . it was assumed that the ship's cargo, belonging to the uk treasury, would be lost forever . but a british-led team used powerful sonar and robotics to track down the ship .
the robots, collectively called avert, are the creation of a european consortium led by the democritus university of thrace in greece . working together, these creepy machines are able to sneak up unnoticed and silently remove their target from the scene . while the system may seem creepy, it could have important applications for bomb disposal teams .
jay kantaria, 38, had been looking forward to daughter's birthday party . he leapt onto tracks at his local station of sudbury hill, north-west london . coroner recorded open verdict on cause of death, saying there was doubt as to mr kantaria's intention . london school of economics graduate died instantly of 'severe traumatic brain injury'
waitrose announced early arrival of first british tomatoes of the year . stocking large jack hawkins, aromatic red choice and tiny baby plums . supermarket has been stocking asparagus since the beginning of the month .
southampton have lost three of their last six games in the champions league . ronald koeman feels opponents have given them more respect . saints host hull city at goodison park on saturday .
poundland posted annual sales exceeding the £1bn mark for the first time . it has become europe's largest single-price discount retailer . poundland has 547 uk stores and 41 shops in ireland .
amanda chatel, a writer and victim of date rape, is pushing for the adoption of the 'yes means yes' law across the country . the law, which defines consent as 'affirmative, conscious, and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity' from each partner, is a spin on the old sexual assault mantra 'no means no'
trussell trust asks for 'donation' from churches and community groups . money needed to pay for trust's staff, branding and pr advice . critics accuse charity of taking money which could be better spent .
carl frampton has been offered £1.5m to fight scott quigg in manchester . quigg wants to fight frampton in one of the biggest fights in recent memory . matchroom boss eddie hearn said the cheque offered 1.5m reasons for the two boxers to fight .
james ramirez, 37, has concerns over care of wife gillian nelson, 34 . she died after complications arose with birth of their son wesley . he was called to princess royal university hospital on january 28, 2014 . mr ramirez said: 'she was delirious, spaced out, obviously tired. she was pale'
clair schuler is a drag queen who was friends with robert durst when he was living as a deaf, mute woman . the real estate tycoon used to live on galveston island, on the texas gulf coast and went by the name of dorothy in the early 2000s . schuler said durst was 'very infatuated with the drag queens that performed, and their hair and their make-up, especially the hair and the make-up'
geoffrey lewis played orville boggs in "every which way but loose" he also appeared with clint eastwood in "thunderbolt and lightfoot"
puffin spotted flying into london along the thames near a4 flyover . more commonly seen in iceland and the north atlantic . handed to a specialist centre in dorset to recuperate .
cross-dresser robbed a u.s bank in santa cruz, california, last friday . handed cashier a note demanding money - prompting comparisons . his blonde wig, female clothing, glasses and purse prompted comparisons .
chandni nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons which spawned from an obsession to do well at school, an inquest heard . she would stay up late studying, resulting in sleep deprivation and a negative impact on her performance at school . tragically, she had first told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 and had even said she would stand in front of a fast train to take her life - which is how she ultimately died .
micha stunz, 45, has permanently enlarged his penis with silicone injections . it is now 9 inches long and weighs between 7.5 – 9.5lbs (4.3kg) mr stunz says it makes him feel 'better' and more creative in the bedroom .
living lands & waters founder chad pregracke wants to clean up the nation's rivers one piece at a time . pregracke and 87,000 volunteers have collected 8.4 million pounds of trash since 1998 .
susannah ross, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week . but she has not been heard from since friday and may be unable to contact her loved ones at home in britain . a number of britons were climbing mount everest at the time of the quake .
royston coates posted pictures of himself posing in his cell on facebook . he boasted about watching tv and showing off his muscles in a string of posts . it comes a day after another inmate was filmed partying in jail .
employment rose above 31million in the three months to february . david cameron said conservatives had overseen a 'jobs miracle' imf chief christine lagarde and german finance minister wolfgang schaeuble praised mr osborne’s ‘wonderful job’ of handling the economy .
turkish archaeologists discovered a chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of jesus' cross . the discovery is symbolic of the pitfalls in the hunt for jesus relics .
chelsea host manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday . blues have won four games in which angel di maria hasn't started . juan mata is likely to make chelsea pay for keeping di maria out of the side . louis van gaal's side have won four on the spin in which di maria hasn't started .
jenny eclair travelled to venice with her other half on a painting holiday . the comedian said it was an 'alternative holiday experience' for her . she says she has found enormous pleasure in haberdashery at peter jones .
the crabbies grand national gets underway on saturday . over 45,000 ladies descend on aintree for the perfect build-up . seven races make up the day as they see saphir du rheu take home the betfred mildmay novices' chase . a.p mccoy rides don cossack and eastlake in what is his last ever grand national festival .
amnesty international releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide . many governments are resorting to more executions in a knee-jerk reaction to terrorism, authors say .
daphne, 86, has starred in a new campaign for vans and & other stories . the 'world's oldest supermodel' has starred alongside flo dunn, 22 . says the collection is 'truly relaxed and timeless with a modern twist' .
police found 'human remains' on a farm on the outskirts of milngavie . the 21-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the student's death . a number of plastic barrels and a large metal container were also found . police have cordoned off land to the north of glasgow, near bearsden .
javier hernandez scored the winner for real madrid against atletico madrid . the mexican striker will leave madrid at the end of the current season . manchester united and real madrid agreed a potential deal last season . lazio, valencia, dinamo moscow, newcastle, west ham and southampton are among clubs interested in the 26-year-old .
keonna thomas, 30, was arrested in philadelphia friday on charges she tried to join and martyr herself for the islamic state group . authorities said that she communicated with an islamic state group fighter in syria who asked if she wanted to be part of a martyrdom operation . 'i can make that wish come true,' the fighter reportedly replied . her arrest comes a day after two women in new york were charged with plotting to wage jihad by building a bomb and using it for a boston marathon
residents of charleston, south carolina, say the shooting of unarmed black man walter lamer scott was preceded by unheeded complaints about the police . there is almost nothing in michael slager's police personnel file to suggest that his bosses considered him a rogue officer capable of murdering a man he just pulled over for a broken tail light . slager fired eight shots at the back of scott on saturday .
a team led by imperial college london has already applied to patent the therapy . the protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic t-cells . they have the ability to detect cancerous cells, hunt them down and destroy them .
leicester city host west ham united at the king power stadium (saturday 3pm) matt upson is out for the foxes with an achilles problem . jeff schlupp could be rested for the foxes . winston reid could return for west ham united .
jared henry, 27, was knocked off his longboard while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch . after coming to a standstill, henry rolls over on the tarmac and opens his mouth in apparent pain . the deer apparently broke its pelvis and died while henry recovered from the incident unscathed . to date the winceworthy video of henry in action in the ozark mountains has been watched more than 300,000 times .
defence minister kevin andrews was unable to name the leader of islamic state . he said he couldn't do so for 'operational reasons' on abc's 7.30 program . mr andrews said australian troops will not accompany iraqi forces into battle .
liverpool beat blackburn 1-0 in their fa cup quarter-final replay at ewood park . philippe coutinho scored the winner for brendan rodgers' side with 20 minutes to play . simon eastwood almost equalised for blackburn when he went up for a stoppage-time corner . aston villa host liverpool in the fa cup semi-finals at wembley on saturday .
david cameron will say that high taxes and wasteful government spending are 'immoral' as millions receive a tax cut . 14million working households – more than nine in ten – are given an average boost of £200 a year to their incomes . prime minister will set out the conservative case for people keeping more of their own money – because they ‘know best’ how it should be spent . he will make a bold argument for continued lower taxes, with less spent on ‘bureaucracy’ and ‘crackpot government schemes’ .
wakefield lost 80-0 to warrington wolves in the first utility super league . james webster said after the game he does not have enough players . the wildcats now face halifax in the challenge cup on friday .
raymond frolander, 18, was beaten unconscious by the child's father last july . after his arrest, police released mugshot of him in bloodied state . it showed him sporting swollen lips and eyes, black bruises and lacerations . now, frolander has been sentenced to 25 years in prison by judge leah case . pleaded no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation of a victim younger than 12 .
the robot was created by austrian designers maya pindeus and johanna pichlbauer . the device applies eyeliner with a long black brush, while an attachment smears lipstick on lips, before lighting up . it made its debut at the biennale internationale design saint-etienne 2015 .
in the hbo documentary thought crimes, gilberto valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat women online . the film will also be shown on hbo in may .
leanne kenny, 23, from northwich, cheshire, ballooned to almost 20st . snacked on bumper bars of chocolate, baked goods and fizzy drinks . would go cheap because of their sell-by dates at her place of work . broke down in a shop changing room when she couldn't fit into their largest dress . decided to lose weight and cut out her post-work junk food snacks . now weighs 13st and has lost 7st and is a size 24 .
a 22-year-old american sailor has suffered serious injuries after plunging into a swimming pool from a perth hotel's balcony . guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman, who were visiting the city from a us naval ship uss carl vinson . police say the pair were both heavily intoxicated when an argument escalated, which led the man to jump off the balcony . he landed in the shallow end of the pool in an estimate 1.3 metres of water .
jaclyn methuen, 30, and ryan ranellone, 29, have been married for a total of seven days . the newlyweds have been reunited after a week of awkward encounters and terse conversations .
ashley young believes manchester united will be challenging for title . red devils have endured two mixed campaigns since retiring sir alex ferguson . louis van gaal has restored some of the club's old vigour under ferguson .
jimmy anderson took his maiden test century at no 8 on friday night . anderson overtakes sir ian botham as most prolific bowler in england's test history . west indies captain denesh ramdin edged him to alastair cook .
king willem-alexander, 48, celebrated his birthday in dordrecht today . the dutch royal couple were all smiles as they met well-wishers . it was part of willem-alexander's 48th birthday celebrations .
alan davey laid bare the difficulties of the station's top job in an interview . he was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge . radio 3 has been accused of 'dumbing down' in the past .
the 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of barrington is opulent and private, sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens . it took five years to build the five bedroom, nine bathroom french country-style estate . the show centers on lucious lyon, played by terence howard, deciding which of his three sons will take over empire entertainment .
australian artist ben quilty has penned an impassioned message to indonesian president joko widodo . he has been a staunch advocate for clemency for bali nine duo myuran sukumaran and andrew chan . 'joko widodo tonight you will kill two good men, my friends,' quilty wrote . he has pledged to become the 'most outspoken critic of the death penalty for the rest of my life' .
a victorian driver got a rude shock when a massive huntsman crawled out from under his door handle . the video, titled ‘nothing worse than opening your car door and feeling something furry’, was uploaded to social media on friday . it has already garnered over 100,000 views on youtube and 12,000 shares on facebook .
richie benaud has died aged 84 in a sydney hospice . the cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november . benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s . he died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife daphne and family .
bayern munich host porto in the champions league on tuesday . pep guardiola's side have a 3-1 deficit in the bundesliga this season . the bavarians won the treble under then coach jupp heynckes in 2013 .
chris ramsey is the only black manager in the premier league . ramsey has been a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs . ramsey took the qpr job after harry redknapp saw the writing on the wall .
jurgen klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . liverpool are set for a third trophyless season after being knocked out of the fa cup by aston villa . manchester city are on the lookout for a new manager .
floyd mayweather fights manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 . americans will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) to watch the fight . hbo and showtime confirmed the recommended prices for the fight .
in 2003, less than 30% of americans supported same-sex marriage . by 2014, that number had climbed to 47% .
martin and jessica castillo, from nuevo laredo, mexico, lost the ring in 2013 . they had all but given up hope when they were told it had been found . massachusetts resident daniel roark found and returned the wedding ring . mr and mrs castillo have renewed their vows in an intimate ceremony .
amanda casey, also of north carolina, was married to michael wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced . he went on to marry his third wife, shelby wilkie . michael wilkie was found guilty of first-degree murder in january for the 2012 killing of shelby wilkie and is serving a life sentence without parole .
kevin pietersen scored 170 in his first appearance for surrey this season . the 34-year-old scored just 19 against glamorgan on sunday . pietersen is keen to play for england again after being sacked in 2014 .
tomas berdych defeated gael monfis 6-1, 6-4 on saturday . the sixth seed will face either rafael nadal or novak djokovic in the final . monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set as berdych took control .
prime minister and wife samantha visited the gravesend gurdwara in kent . they joined a parade carrying the sikh holy book to the temple . mr cameron said vaisakhi festival was a 'big, bold' sign of devotion .
brock guzman, 8, was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 toyota corolla . he was found safe and well about two miles away from his northern california home . police said a hapless car thief likely stole the car after the boy's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home . but the car thief clearly didn't notice the boy curled up fast asleep as he sped away with the vehicle .
jordan henderson is seeking a new contract worth £100,000 per week . the liverpool vice-captain wants to stay at anfield . henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth £80,000-per-week .
lz granderson: girl scout troops' cookies contain sugar, corn syrup, canola oil, canola oil . he says studies have found a link between sugar and heart disease .
franck ribery says relationship with louis van gaal was 'poisoned' ribery claims van gaal is a 'bad man' who loses players' trust . manchester united winger admits real madrid tried to sign him in 2009 .
racism is rife in the coal region in northeastern pennsylvania and the spine of the appalachian mountains . rust belt straddles the upper northeastern us, the great lakes, and the midwest states . racism is also common in the gulf coast, michigan's upper peninsula, and a large portion of ohio .
teresa swarbrick, from western sydney, died on april 8 after getting into trouble in the water near julian rocks off the coast of byron bay in nsw . the mother of two was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water . lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with cpr . her husband alan has posted a heartbreaking tribute to her on facebook .
mocha, a doberman pincher, recently ate three watches . she had a 3-hour endoscopy to explore the contents of her belly .
deep brain stimulation (dbs) is already used to treat parkinson's disease . electrodes are inserted into the brain through holes drilled in the skull . tests on rats showed it improved their powers of recall within 24 hours .
martin grant will refresh the uniforms worn by qantas' domestic and international pilots . the melbourne-born, paris-based designer created qantas uniforms modelled by miranda kerr in 2013 . a key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform, with ceo alan joyce saying there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks of qantas pilots .
beatrice nokes, 21, faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes . the university college student is suspected of grooming three young women . she is accused of running the vice ring with met police officer daniel williams . he is accused of committing the crimes while on and off-duty .
jeff mccubbery, 72, from mandurang and ian bullock, 65, from blackburn devised the plan for captain cootie cards over twenty years ago . the pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars . but their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to .
gaioz nigalidze is banned from the dubai open chess tournament . nigalidze's opponent grew suspicious when he kept bolting to the toilet .
millie-belle diamond, from sydney's northern beaches, has 115,000 instagram followers . the 14-month-old is the most followed baby under two in the world on instagram . her mother, schye fox, originally set up an instagram account for millie-belle when she was two months old so that their family could see her grow . fashion labels and children’s brands began gifting millie-belle with their latest products and she started earning up to $250 per post .
henrik larsson forced to play 42-year-old daniel andersson in goal . goalkeepers par hansson and matt pyzdrowski were out injured . andersson kept a clean sheet as helsinborg drew 0-0 with kalmar .
romelu lukaku signed for everton from chelsea for £28million last summer . belgian striker has been linked with a move away from goodison park . agent mino raiola said lukaku would never have signed for everton had he been his representative earlier .
noise-induced hearing loss is one of the most common work-related illnesses . us department of veterans affairs reported hearing loss as one of the most common ailments among veterans receiving disability compensation . scientists have identified a gene, named nox3, found in the inner ear .
kanye, 37, penned an essay for paper magazine's american dream issue, in which he explained his 'world dream' he noted that if there was an actual illuminati, 'it would be more like the energy companies' . kanye said that musicians don't even get the freedom to say and do exactly what they want, let alone 'run anything' .
brothers marc and shanon parker from port canaveral, florida, have built a fleet of movie-inspired vehicles . among them are lifelike versions of batman's tumbler from the dark knight film trilogy and ghostbusters cadillac . the brothers have even made an optimus prime truck, based on the most recent transformers movie, as well as a tron-inspired motorbike .
prime minister's wife swooped into rochester and strood, the seat held by mark reckless after he defected from the tories last summer . david cameron has made no secret of his desire to kick reckless's 'fat arse' out of the commons, and clearly hopes his wife can woo voters in the crucial kent battleground . mrs cameron is due to go head-to-head in a seven-way debate tomorrow night .
tonya stack, wife of pennsylvania lieutenant governor mike stack, allegedly dumped cola on state representative kevin boyle . boyle claims stack 'flipped him the bird' as soon as she spotted him at a fundraiser in honor of a slain afghanistan veteran . when he described the gesture aloud as 'a trashy move', he claims she retaliated by hurling the dark sticky liquid at him .
jonty hurwitz is an entrepreneur-turned-artist based in south africa . his "nano-sculptures" are made from a mysterious resin . hurwitz has also created a statue depicting the classical myth of cupid and psyche .
tony morris qc is mounting a landmark legal challenge against queensland's speed-camera laws . he says he wasn't driving when his volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50km/h zone last year . he has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817, arguing it's unconstitutional for a queensland court to fine him when there's evidence he was not the driver .
bette carrouze, 78, is a single mother of two from brighton . she has had a bus pass for 18 years and has two daughters . mrs carrouze says other pensioners are boring .
barbara beam, 82, died in her south carolina home on january 2 . she was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew . the coroner found she died from a blood clot in her lung . prosecutors are deciding whether to charge her caretakers .
jose mauri scored the only goal of the game as parma beat juventus 1-0 . the crisis-hit club were declared bankrupt last month and the players have not been paid all season . juventus host monaco in the champions league on tuesday . genoa beat relegation-threatened cagliari 2-0 at the stadio ennio tardini .
richard kerr, 53, said he was taken from belfast home to london in 1970s . allegedly molested by politicians and other establishment figures . account provides first clear link between three alleged vip paedophile rings .
charlie linville, 29, from boise, idaho, is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter (29,035-foot) summit next month . he was an explosives expert serving in afghanistan in 2011, when he went to investigate an explosion that wounded his colleague . he was hit by another explosive device and seriously wounded, and two years later, had his right leg amputated below the knee .
andrew barr was principal of the geelong college, south-west of melbourne . he was allegedly photographed looking at pornography in his office . the photograph was published on the social media site snapchat . the geelong college council said the matter was a serious breach of standards . mr barr is a former chairman of the association of heads of independent schools of australia and previously served 10 years as principal of scotch oakburn college in melbourne .
islamic state have launched their own social media rules to censor coverage . comes after heavy defeats at tikrit and costly siege of kobane in iraq . senior commanders appear keen to eradicate any hint of internal problems . details like weapons manufacturing and pictures of fighters have been deemed a breach of online security .
doaa and umm smuggled from raqqa to turkey after leaving al-khansa brigade . women revealed they used to be heavily involved in punishing others . gave 60 lashes to those who tried to flee - including those who tried to flee . doaa left after her husband blew himself up in suicide attack in syria . umma, 25, was forced to marry a foreign fighter and lives in turkey illegally .
ben stokes and marlon samuels had a chance to renew their feud . england need eight wickets to have any chance of winning the series . joe root was left stranded on 182 not out after a stunning display of batting . anderson's careless mistake in between the wickets cost him a double century . root has a test average of 110.1 in the last year and has converted four of his six tons into 150s .
david potchen, 53, robbed a bank in merrillville, indiana, last june . he served 12 and a half years in prison for a 2000 bank robbery . he was on probation and served 286 days before he pleaded guilty . he now has a job as a welder and is staying out of trouble .
brian o'driscoll has been in hong kong this week working as an ambassador for hsbc ahead of the hong kong sevens . his wife amy huberman caught wind of the picture on social media . o'driscoll returned on tuesday, tail between his legs with the requested toblerone .
gary johnson took over as cheltenham town manager on march 30 . he wrote on an a3 sheet of paper 'i promise to do all i can to keep cheltenham town in the league' and asked his players to put their signature on it . cheltenham are 23rd in league two and trail hartlepool united by a point .
newborn baby girl was found face down in toilet bowl at southport arcade . she was discovered by employee christina hodskinson at 6.50pm yesterday . she was quickly joined by worker warren chadwick who 'grabbed baby out' police say they have traced the mother to an address in the merseyside area .
jenner said 'i've always been on the more conservative side' when asked if he was a republican . said he still considers himself a heterosexual, discussed his faith and said he was a christian . 'i would sit in church and always wonder, "in god’s eyes, how does he see me?"' he said . jenner, 65, sparked rumors about his gender identity last year after visibly altering his appearance .
jayne harris received influx of messages from people describing peggy . some reported flashing visions of 'mental institutions and treatment' one woman suffered alleged heart attack after watching video on march 16 . paranormal investigator has been studying spirit attachment since 2000 .
brett matthew paul thomas, now 56, and friend mark titch, 17, were convicted in 1977 of murdering laura stoughton, 20, and ephraim jacob christian, 35 . they went on a nine-day rampage that claimed the lives of four people . thomas was denied parole and cannot reapply for seven years .
the men - all in their 50s and from york area - were arrested this morning . the body of missing chef, 35, has still not been found after missing in 2009 . fresh search launched for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts . man, in his 50s and from york area, arrested last month on suspicion of murder . a 60-year-old man was arrested last year in connection with her disappearance and suspected murder but was later released without charge .
excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of americans each year . guidelines currently dictate the people should limit their intake to 2,300 milligrams, with an even stricter 1,500 milligram limit for african americans and people over 50 . skeptics however believe most americans are fine - a typical healthy person can consume as much as 6,000 milligrams per day without significantly raising health risks .
yarmouk, the largest palestinian refugee camp in syria, was formed in 1957 . it has been engulfed in fighting between the syrian government and armed groups since december 2012 .
jennifer barnett worked archway school in stroud, gloucestershire, between 1980 and 1997, when she left teaching to have fourth child . the 60-year-old died last september, 14 months after she was diagnosed with mesothelioma - a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos . her husband, nigel, told inquest his wife had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on a farm in her 20s . post-mortem found a large tumour in her right lung . mr
lorraine bracco, 60, revealed she was first approached to play carmela in the sopranos because she had already played a mobster's wife in goodfellas nine years earlier . accused creator david chase of being lazy and instead cast edie falco instead .
wood green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and diy app handy . the north london-based charity offer customers a cat fostering service . cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents from returning .
lobster pound and moore in cape breton, nova scotia, kicked off a internet debate when it announced that it would no longer allow 'small screaming children' the canadian seafood restaurant had said that it was 'an adult themed restaurant that caters to those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves' commenters began giving the restaurant's facebook page one-star reviews and said that they would never again set foot in his restaurant .
'red' len mccluskey is a potent, sinister force in british politics . he seeks to use financial muscle within labour movement to drag britain back to dark days of the 1970s . mccluskey once boasted of presiding over more strikes than any other union boss .
andy murray will marry fiancee kim sears at dunblane cathedral next week . the wimbledon champion has revealed he has been involved in cake tasting . murray said he 'couldn't care less' about the finer details of the day . the 27-year-old is a self-confessed foodie and will have some input .
paul launched his presidential bid tuesday in louisville, kentucky . he sparred with today host savannah guthrie about his past foreign policy positions . 'no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!' he asked guthrie if he had changed his views . a spokesman for american bridge 21st century, a liberal opposition-research group, leaped on paul after the broadcast .
cesc fabregas captained spain in their 2-0 defeat by holland on tuesday . the chelsea midfielder struggled to make an impact in midfield . jose mourinho will be demanding more from his deep-lying playmaker .
michael gridley, 26, orchestrated a scam to steal £15,000 of goods from asda . stock including alcohol, cigarettes, dvds, games and consoles were stolen . he and colleague jay reed were under suspicion for a period of time . but after being sacked, gridley managed to land a managerial job at lidl .
dullel kassab fled to raqqa in syria with her children last year . she regularly boasts on twitter that her four-year-old daughter and two-year-old son sleep with toy guns next to their beds . the children's paternal grandparents say they are worried kassab, 28, is 'brainwashing' the children after their father was killed near the syria-turkey border last year .
alistair mcgowan will play disgraced paedophile jimmy savile in a play in june . journalist jonathan maitland said 'people are ready' for the play to open . he said mcgowan is 'terrific' at embodying the 'dark, nasty' elements of the story . mcgowan previously portrayed savile in his popular bbc series the big impression .
a crowd of students from northwest prep academy descended on a gas station in memphis, tennessee on monday . orrden williams jr. says he was outside the gas station with a baby when the teens punched and attacked him . staff inside the store had to hold shut the doors as the teens tried to break in, seemingly ready to attack again . on wednesday police arrested 19-year-old joe brittman, a student at northwest prep academy .
bedlington lurcher twiglet was left behaving strangely after swallowing drugs . vet nick fisher, 31, said his bedlington lurcher was behaving strangely . twiglet seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils . but after 45 minutes of drooling at mouth, shaking and walking into walls he seemed back to normal following his 'trip'
divock origi signed for liverpool for £10million last summer . the belgium international has been on loan at lille this season . origi has revealed simon mignolet has been helping him prepare .
first lady and 'grandmother-in-chief', marian robinson, dined at lupa restaurant on thompson street in greenwich village on saturday . the pair enjoyed a sumptuous five-course italian meal . owner mario batali was heard describing michelle as 'a happy woman' .
jimmy floyd hasselbaink is happy to be promoted to league one . burton albion beat morecambe 2-1 on saturday to confirm promotion . but the dutchman wants to finish top of the championship .
richard dysart gained fame playing leland mckenzie on "l.a. law" he appeared in every episode from 1986 to 1994 .
man called alex posted a video on youtube in which he asked programme questions about gay marriage, where to find gay clubs and how to register a gay marriage in uk . apple's russian-language version of siri told him of swearing when he asked how he could register a gay marriage in england .
animal charity has no more legal actions left under hunting act . dropped case against william bryer, joint master of renowned cattistock hunt . rspca has power to bring own prosecutions rather than rely on police . last october report recommended abandoning policy and leaving job to cps .
diego maradona is widely considered one of the greatest players to have played the game . maradona guided argentina to world cup glory in 1986 . the 54-year-old has not worked since leaving united arab emirates club al-wasl .
bon apetit have revealed the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread is to run it under the tap before baking it in the oven . for a small loaf you need around 6-7 minutes and for a large, or particularly wet one, around 12 to 13 minutes . nutritionist luvisa nillson says that the water trick does actually work, but you must make sure to eat the bread that same day .
jose mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his 15-year career . mourinho has coached a host of world class players during his career . here, sportsmail picks his ultimate xi .
ian bell scored 143 on the first day of the first test against west indies . bell was dropped from the side on his last visit to the caribbean in 2009 . the 33-year-old scored 177 with joe root and 130 with ben stokes .
rod blagojevich, 58, has really let his haircare regime go while he serves his 14-year sentence at the federal correctional institution englewood near denver . blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell barack obama's u.s. senate seat when he was elected president in 2008 . blagojevich was impeached and removed from office by the state legislature in early 2009 following his arrest on federal corruption charges .
jemma peacock, 31, suffers from a rare form of stomach cancer . she is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life . the third drug - regorafenib - costs the nhs around £1,000 a week to provide and has been removed from the health service's approved list of treatments . mrs peacock says she cannot afford to buy regorafenib privately .
researchers at the university of bath and yale university created the invention . it uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser . the catalyst is more efficient at performing the crucial oxidation half of the reaction than any other existing material, minimising energy losses . hydrogen could now be used more easily as a way to store energy from renewable sources like wind and solar .
valencia defeated levante 3-0 in the la liga derby on monday night . paco alcacer and sofiane feghouli scored for the home side . lucas orban and alvaro negredo scored for the hosts .
ephedra foeminea waits for the full moon to 'bloom' in the moonlight . at night, the non-flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects . they ooze from the plant’s female organs where seeds are produced . when a nocturnal butterfly or insect lands on one of the tasty transparent orbs at night, the pollen it’s carrying is used to fertilise the seed .
leicester, burnley and qpr would make an immediate return to the championship . but hull and sunderland are teetering on the brink of relegation . sportsmail's reporters give their verdicts on the closest run-in for years .
mark wood has been called up by england for the test series against west indies . the 25-year-old is reminiscent of craig white and simon jones from previous eras . wood is 5ft 11in and weighs just over 12st .
charles wright, manager of the maumee, ohio, restaurant, told bloomberg that clinton and huma abedin didn't leave a tip during their 45-minute meal . 'her bill was $20 and some change, and they paid with $21 and left,' wright said, referring to abedin, the vice chairwoman of clinton's campaign . abedin was spotted standing next to clinton in security camera footage released by the toledo-area store .
leaj jarvis price, 24, allegedly gunned down by husband, eric heath price, 25 . she ran into doctor's office in jemison, alabama, screaming 'call the police' price then returned to their home and staged standoff with police . he was taken to hospital with self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head . on day of shooting, price wrote on facebook: 'i'm sorry everyone, good bye and i love you all' he has since been charged with murder and
serena williams beat sara errani 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 in fed cup play-off . williams held a massive 70-7 lead in winners but committed three times as many unforced errors as errani . flavia pennetta was next up, followed by a potentially decisive doubles match .
children living in pakistan's slums are often forced into relocation due to fighting in tribal areas . makeshift amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of islamabad and rawalpindi . many of those who are enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to fighting between security forces and militants .
per mertesacker limped off in arsenal's fa cup semi-final win over reading . scans showed the 6ft 6in german had just a minor ankle sprain . gabriel paulista will replace mertesacker at centre-half on sunday .
nathaniel clyne has been linked with a move away from southampton . the saints defender has been in impressive form this season . ronald koeman has admitted it may be hard to keep clyne at the club .
george at asda has created its 'luxury christening range' for the royal baby . the supermarket says its gowns and rompers allow mothers to buy a traditional christening outfit for a fraction of the price . the range includes an embroidered dress, lace collar gown and sateen romper . invites, celebratory venues, food and entertainment all add hundreds of pounds . so the retailer hopes to slash the budget on expensive clothing, with items starting at just £4 .
james wilson says he would take wayne rooney's free-kick-taking ability . wilson played alongside robin van persie in manchester united's under 21 game against leicester on monday night . wilson praised radamel falcao's instincts and robin van persie's movement .
kim sei-young eagled the par-five 18th to surge into a two-shot lead . the 22-year-old won her maiden lpga tour title at the pure silk-bahamas lpga classic in february . overnight leader morgan pressel followed her opening 67 with a 72 .
hayley carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition . she will then move to live with her fiancee, anne, in plymouth, devon . ms carney, formerly known as robert, will have six months to apply for a marriage visa, which, if successful, will set her on the path to citizenship .
judy murray has wasted no time in revealing she simply ‘can’t wait to be a granny’ . but the tennis coach has caveats - he has to get the french open and wimbledon out of the way first . mrs murray, 55, also said she would be a ‘very active granny’ .
scott kemery, 44, was rushed by helicopter to stony brook university hospital on long island with first and second degree burns . police said that kemery started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the king kullen supermarket in eastport . he told police that he rented the car in florida and drove north to the hamptons and discovered the car had bedbugs .
buzz60's patrick jones was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign when he took to the street to hear opinions from the public . while the women he spoke to all called the practice 'disgusting,' one man was only too happy to demonstrate his own tactics for harassing women in public .
christine carriage, 67, hoarded 1,300 items of stolen clothing in her bungalow . police raided her one-bedroom home in bowthorpe, norwich, in nov 2013 . officers found 340 of the stolen items still had price tags on them . carriage admitted acquiring, using or possessing criminal property . she was handed a six-month suspended sentence at norwich crown court .
prime minister made comment as host phillip schofield moved on to next item . mr schofield said: 'up next, a man who can pinch your wallet, watch and tie' co-host amanda holden burst out laughing at remark as programme went to ads .
sonia pereiro-mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses . male colleagues at the bank were promoted ahead of her, she alleges . she was 'mocked' and subjected to 'gratuitous derogatory comments' mrs pereiro-mendez is suing goldman sachs for sex and maternity discrimination .
raheem sterling has been abused over his contract stand-off with liverpool . the 20-year-old has rejected an offer worth £90,000-per-week . sterling says he pays no attention to the criticism .
manchester united have offered to make david de gea the world's best-paid goalkeeper on £200,000-a-week to stay at old trafford . there has been speculation that de gea will return to spain and join real madrid on a free transfer when his contract runs out next summer . louis van gaal admitted that the club have offered de gea a huge offer .
jimmy anderson took four wickets to break sir ian botham's england record . anderson is still three wickets away from breaking botham's record . west indies made anderson wait on an attritional day .
rodrigo gularte, 42, was a paranoid schizophrenic who didn't realise he was being executed until his last moments of life . gularte was shot dead alongside australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran in indonesia on wednesday morning . irish priest appointed to be gularte's spiritual advisor said he talked to gularte for an hour and a half late on tuesday night to prepare him for the executions .
kate winslet to face planning battle with natural england over sea wall plans . 39-year-old wants to build 550ft-long boulder and gravel seawall to protect home . natural england has recommended planning application be refused . cites concerns over impact on habitat designated for rare birds and trees .
arsenal host liverpool at the emirates in the champions league on saturday . the gunners are third in the premier league and six points clear of the reds . arsene wenger's side won all six matches they played in march . jack wilshere, mikel arteta, mathieu debuchy and abou diaby are back in training .
everton defeated burnley 1-0 in their premier league clash at goodison park . kevin mirallas opened the scoring for everton from the penalty spot . ross barkley missed a chance to give his side the lead from the spot . ashley barnes was shown the red car by referee mike jones just before half time .
the '#kyliejennerchallenge' is sweeping social media, encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses . method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up . countless teens, both boys and girls, have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on twitter and instagram . surprisingly, given the sheer number of teens attempting the feat, it appears the results are far from desirable .
michelle gent directed films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women . she used party offices in ashfield, nottinghamshire, to hold auditions . source said actors were told to 'prepare for anything' and acted like x factor judge . ms gent's other films include dead walkers: rise of the 4th reich and awesome killer auditions .
parenting blogger emily-jane clark runs how to survive a sleep thief . she has compiled a list of the ways visitors can avoid annoying a new mother . they include bringing gifts for the mum and coming armed with coffee .
nasuwt general secretary chris keates likened drinks to 'legal highs' 13% of teachers cited 'use of caffeine and energy drinks as a driver of poor pupil behaviour'
youtube is investing in "youtube spaces" to improve quality of its content . the most popular youtube channels draw larger audiences than many tv networks . tokyo independent filmmaker jr lipartito has access to professional studios and training .
sir john chilcot's inquiry began in 2009 and stopped taking evidence in 2011 . it was initially thought it would be delayed until after the general election . but a source has now said the report will not be published until 2016 .
cpl. william benn lost the tags in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on salisbury beach . metal detector enthusiast bill ladd found them after a storm last year . he gave them to benn of providence, rhode island, on sunday afternoon .
duchess of cambridge's baby is expected before the end of april . initially said to be yesterday, but later claimed to be as early as wednesday . kate plans to give birth at st mary's hospital in paddington, london . she may have already spoken to doctors about possibility of being induced .
christian benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa beat qpr 4-4-2 at villa park . qpr midfielder matty phillips was qpr's top scorer in the premier league . qpr defender gabriel agbonlahor struggled to make an impact in the first half .
the eight-inch leather dildo was discovered during a dig in gdansk, poland . archaeologists suspect it dates back to the second half of the 18th century . the artifact has now been taken away for preservation work .
anna broom, 33, of gillingham, kent, has not worked since the age of 19 . miss broom has claimed more than £100,000 in benefits since then . now wants an extra £10,000 to fund her dream 'traditional english wedding' . wants the taxpayer to stump up a further £2,000 for her honeymoon in mexico . says tying the knot would boost her fragile confidence and encourage her to try and find a job again .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford . ashley young, marouane fellaini, juan mata and chris smalling scored . sergio aguero and chris smalling also scored for the red devils .
chelsea quartet eden hazard, thibaut courtois, kurt zouma and izzy brown celebrated the start of the thai new year with a game of kick-ups . the songkran festival is celebrated by thais with the tradition of throwing water at each other . stamford the lion took the brunt of the players' shots as a forfeit at the end of the game .
aaron lennon has four games remaining on loan at everton from tottenham . roberto martinez wants to get the most out of lennon's loan spell . lennon is ineligible to play against his parent club on the final day of the season .
kenyans remember the 147 victims of a terrorist attack in garissa, kenya . using the hashtag #147notjustanumber, kenyans talked about the lives of the victims .
burnell 'bernie' mitchell, 61, held on suspicion of conspiracy to murder . he has also been arrested on suspicion of preparing and instigating acts of terrorism . syrian-born imam abdul hadi arwani was found dead in his car on tuesday . a 36-year-old man has been charged with his murder and a 53-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences . mr mitchell fronted the 1970s band boney m
james hook has won 77 test caps for gloucester . wales face edinburgh in the european challenge cup final on friday . hook has made just two starts for wales since the 2011 world cup .
yaya toure will not be forced out of manchester city, but the club are set to make the midfielder available this summer . sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the premier league champions will listen to offers for the ivorian . toure has more than two years left on his current £220,000-a-week deal . inter milan, managed by roberto mancini, are interested in the 31-year-old .
ken doherty leads reanne evans 5-4 at the interval of their world championship first qualifying round match in sheffield . doherty, who won the title in 1997, won four of the final five frames of the morning session after trailing 3-1 at one stage . the match will be played to a conclusion when it resumes on thursday evening . in total, 128 players are involved in qualifying, including legendary names steve davis and jimmy white .
reddit launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool's day . more than 730,285 users have pressed the button since then . it is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero . users get a purple flair when they press the button between 52 and 60 seconds . blue flairs are awarded between 42 and 51 seconds, green flairs are between 32 and 41 seconds, yellow flairs are between 22 and 31 seconds, orange flairs are between 12 and 21 seconds .
"it's a real tragedy to see someone at age 48 go like that," producer says . "anne of green gables" debuted in canada on cbc tv in 1984 . crombie played gilbert blythe in the sequels "anne of avonlea" and "anne of green gables: the continuing story"
dina nemtsova, 13, made debut in photoshoot with russian label yulia prohorova white zoloto . appeared alongside mother and nemtsov's partner, ekaterina odintsova, 37 . ms odintsova, who runs her own pr agency, said: 'i am really trying to help her to recover'
beyoncé, kelly rowland and michelle williams performed together at the stellar gospel awards in las vegas last weekend . it was the first time they performed together since appearing during the halftime show at super bowl in 2013 in new orleans . daily mail online has learned that the threesome want to do another ten-year reunion tour and intend to cut a reunion album . beyoncé's father and former manager mathew knowles owns one-fourth of the group as well .
liam sandham, of fleetwood, films himself through a magnifying glass . he then films his friend who looks at his phone while sitting in the passenger seat . a beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on his knuckles as he moves the magnifying glass over the man's hand . liam then unleashes an explicit tirade on his friend as he cradles the burn . the video has been viewed over a million times on youtube .
joao vaccari neto is the treasurer of the ruling workers' party . he faces charges of corruption and money laundering .
the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago . much of it involved cavemen grunting, or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing, before learning to speak in a detailed way . but in a new study, one linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own . he says single words bear traces of syntax showing that they must be descended from an older, syntax-laden system, rather than from simple, primal utterances .
alexis sanchez scored twice in arsenal's 2-1 win over reading on saturday . the chile forward has scored three goals in his last three games . sanchez is shortlisted for the pfa player of the year . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
chelsea drew 1-1 with arsenal at the emirates stadium on saturday . david ospina was lucky not to concede a penalty after clattering into oscar . per mertesacker was patched up after suffering an ankle injury .
leicester city moved off the bottom of the premier league for the first time since november . andy king scored a late second goal to send leicester off the relegation zone . leonardo ulloa was sent on after david nugent suffered an injury .
lindex opened its first uk store in westfield stratford, london, on march 27 . toni garrn, 22, and liya kebede, 37, are the faces of the campaign . the scandinavian brand is selling limited-edition #superrolemodel t-shirts .
robert tesche opened the scoring for birmingham city in the 27th minute . clayton donaldson doubled birmingham's lead in the 43rd minute . matt derbyshire pulled one back for fourth-bottom rotherham .
polling last night showed nationalists are extending their lead . threatens to all but wipe out labour north of the border . ed miliband refused four times to rule out going into a power-sharing agreement with the snp if its mps hold the balance of power for the first time .
mr osborne admitted he was secretly addicted to hit bbc series poldark . the chancellor said the 'one hour off' a week was to watch the programme . he vowed to maintain tax relief on big tv productions in the uk .
only nine per cent of germans now consider the end of the conflict a defeat . instead, they are exploring the impact of hitler and the nazi regime . findings published exactly 70 years after hitler committed suicide in berlin .
many clouds was a third winner of the race for owner trevor hemmings . the gelding also provided a massive change of national luck for his lambourn trainer oliver sherwood . ap mccoy's career ended with a record-breaking hollywood ending .
todd larson, 55, said a chunk of ice fell from a plan smashing through the windshield of his dodge challenger worth $30,000 parked at his taylorsville, utah home . mr larson said two minutes later at 1.55am at 1.55am he called police to file the report of the ice falling through his car's windshield . he said the faa found an a1 aircraft within two minutes of the time the incident happened and when the plane was flying above his home .
the couple announced the pregnancy in january . it is the first baby for both .
dr. mehmet oz is accused of "manifesting an egregious lack of integrity" in his tv and promotional work . a group of doctors emailed a letter to columbia university expressing disapproval .
richie benaud, 84, died on friday after a long battle with skin cancer . benaud had skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head . he told the nine network that 'as a kid we never ever wore a cap' but advised all australians to cover their heads . benaud had been out walking with his beloved wife daphne for 40 minutes every morning in the hope that he could return to work .
airbus are set to cram an extra seat into their airbus 380 in the middle section . from 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space . a fourth class will be introduced in response to the new dreaded middle seat .
priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in las vegas on thursday, april 23 . the winning couple - announced next monday - will tie the knot at elvis presley's graceland wedding chapel inside the westgate hotel . along with the singer's former wife in the audience, the winning couple will win a free wedding reception and hotel suite for two nights .
amateur jockey lewis ferguson stumbles on approach to the fence at wincanton . clear leader merrion square swerves and loses his balance . ferguson is propelled into a 360 degree trajectory .
jesse o'brien has to take a daily dose of 45 pills to treat cystic fibrosis . the six-year-old is seen taking nine out of his daily dose of 45 pills . footage was taken by his mother heidi, 37, from kesgrave, suffolk . she said her idea to provide encouragement with 'likes' on facebook exceeded her wildest expectations within just one hour .
floyd mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training . the bath is cooled to -175f (-115c) using liquid nitrogen . mayweather spends up to three minutes in the chamber .
a survey by beauty research organization lqs and associates looked at the lengths 1,000 american women go to in order to enhance their appearances or copy a celebrity . nearly a fifth would still pursue a treatment to get the right look - even if it proved hazardous to their health . 7 per cent have had allergic reactions to treatments . the top five beauty and cosmetic treatments favored by women in the us include manicures, pedicures, hair coloring, teeth whitening, and perms .
julia ware, who was 15 at the time of the accident, appeared at wayne county court in honesdale, pennsylvania, on wednesday . the families of shamus digney, cullen keffer and ryan lesher - who were all 15 - watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with . after the hearing was over, a grieving father branded ware, of pleasantville, new york, a murderer .
kenyan police have arrested five suspects in connection with thursday's attack . 147 people were killed, including 142 students, three security officers and two security personnel .
prime minister bore a six-year-old while visiting a school in bolton . ed miliband, ed balls and nick clegg have all been pictured with youngsters .
michael thorpe, 55, was convicted of illegally showing premier league games . he said he could not afford to pay sky tv's rates for football matches . he was convicted, fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago . but his conviction has now been overturned following a landmark case . landlord says he has lost his plymouth pub as a result of the court action .
west ham lost 2-0 to manchester city at the etihad on sunday . sam allardyce screamed at fourth official robert madley during the game . the hammers boss was incensed that eliaquim mangala was not penalised for a foul against stewart downing .
pat ingles, 69, lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer . the grandmother-of-three enjoys going out drinking until the early hours . her wardrobe includes a risque fancy dress police woman look .
dr fredric brandt, 65, was found hanged in his miami mansion on sunday . he had a striking resemblance to dr franff, a character on tina fey's netflix show, unbreakable kimmy schmidt . a friend said that brandt was 'definitely hurt' by the portrayal . but added that it did not cause his suicide . tina fey's husband, jeff richmond,
eden hazard is favourite to pick up the pfa player of the year award . paul scholes believes the chelsea playmaker needs to be more selfish . hazard scored 13 goals and made eight assists for chelsea this season .
royal mint will mark birth of duke and duchess of cambridge's second child in the same way it commemorated arrival of prince george in 2013 . silver coin will be minted with one penny's royal shield design and the new effigy of the queen, which was unveiled in march . it will be presented in a special white box, which will be tied with a purple ribbon and feature the image of a silver carousel horse .
the humanoid, known as ham, is made using specialised software . it can recognise and respond to facial expressions in a natural way . ham is currently on exhibit at the global sources spring electronics show .
sydney was hit again by a massive hail storm on saturday . marble-sized hailstones, some up to 2cm in diameter pounded multiple suburbs in the city's east and west . saturday's freak weather could be explained by constantly changing atmospheric conditions and bursts of ice-cold air . a large storm with an east coast low have always occurred within australia, passing through every few years .
satellite images show the sandstorm sweeping across saudi arabia, oman and the united arab emirates . it began on april 1, when high winds whipped up the sandstorm in northern saudi arabia . by april 4, it was beginning to stretch across the arabia sea towards india and pakistan .
the august 1 encounter will feature a team africa vs team world format . team africa will be comprised of players from the continent and of second generation . team world will consist of players from the rest of the globe .
carwyn scott-howell was on holiday with mother ceri, nine-year-old sister antonia and brother gerwyn, 19, in the alps . he may have entered dense woodland because he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel in flaine, france . family said death had left them feeling 'utter devastation' with a 'vast void in our hearts'
isis claims responsibility for the attack . the taliban condemns the attack .
bubba watson showed off a trick shot while practicing in china . the american hit the ball as it was dropped from a height . watson finished t-38 at the masters, despite being one of the favourites to seal a third green jacket in four years .
the april lunar eclipse will turn the moon a burnt reddish orange . the sydney observatory has been expressing concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night . plans to regularly update keen spectators with phase process images have been thwarted due to cloudy conditions . saturday’s total lunar eclipse is now booked out at the sydney observatory however more tickets may be released on saturday morning if weather conditions improve .
the finding was unveiled in a cbs news report by susan spencer on one such company that manufactures them, the vermont-based keurig green mountain . keurig's chief technology officer kevin sullivan has said that single-serve coffee has 'found the hidden need - the need that people didn't know they had' 1/3 of homes in the us now feature single-serve coffee machines .
graeme finlay, 53, is accused of attacking ronald and june phillips, 69 and 70 . mr phillips was on a 14-night holiday in the canary islands with his wife . mr finlay claims he was 'ignored' when he joined their table and so moved to another . he claims mr phillips, 70, later struck him with his crutch during a confrontation . mr phillips said he had drunk three gin
six people hurt after explosion at controversial chemical plant in china sparked a huge fire . blast occurred at an oil storage facility after an oil leak, though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spill . five out of six people were injured by broken glass and have been sent to the hospital for treatment .
photographer victor albert prout travelled along the river thames in a makeshift boat to take the pictures . he installed a floating dark room on board his punt and developed the negatives on site . prout's collection is the oldest documented record of britain's best known landmarks .
boy, five, pelted israeli police with stones during west bank protests . soldiers used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse crowd . at least one protester injured as violence flared on the streets .
christian benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3 with qpr . belgium have now scored 46 goals in the premier league this season . eden hazard has scored 12 goals in the premier league for chelsea .
medhi benatia suffered a muscle injury against bayer leverkusen . the bayern munich defender will miss between two and four weeks . benatia joins a long injury list at bayern that includes bastian schweinsteiger, david alaba, javi martinez and reserve keeper tom starke .
warren rodwell was kidnapped from his home in the philippines in 2011 . he was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days . mr rodwell fears the federal government will not award him victims of terror overseas compensation . under australian law, the survivors and families of victims of overseas attacks can claim up to $75,000 in compensation . but for that to happen, prime minister tony abbott would have to declare his kidnapping a terrorist event .
ex bon jovi guitarist, 55, allegedly told former business partner nikki lund he would 'dig a hole in the desert and bury her' sambora is said to have made the chilling threat during a blazing telephone argument on march 19 . his shaken former flame decided to report the allegation to authorities a week later . police in the wealthy los angeles suburb of calabasas confirmed to daily mail online that sambora is a 'person of interest' in an active investigation .
a japanese maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on an experimental track . the train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 kilometers per hour . it covered nearly 20 football fields in the time it took you to read the last two sentences .
heather hironimus, who filed the complaint late monday, is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges haven't . hironimus and the boy's father, dennis nebus, have been warring since her pregnancy . in a parenting agreement filed in court, the two agreed to the boy's circumcision . hironimus later changed her mind, giving way to a long court battle . circuit and appellate judges have sided with nebus, but potential surgeons have backed out .
sheffield wednesday equalled their club record of 17 clean sheets in a season . tom lees and keiren westwood are in line to be offered new contracts . the defender joined the club from leeds last summer .
nicola salerno has resigned from his role as leeds united's sporting director . italian has been linked with a move to serie a club palermo . steve thompson was suspended by leeds united last week .
fannie randle has worked at the usc sorority gamma phi beta for 24 years . she was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape . usc senior and former gamma phi beta president alicia jewell presented her with a $21,000 check last monday .
brendan rodgers reminded raheem sterling and jordon ibe about their professional responsibilities . sterling was exposed for inhaling nitrous oxide on monday . the england international was then pictured with ibe with a shisha pipe . rodgers has steven gerrard back for liverpool's fa cup semi against aston villa .
after surgery, the cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened . women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of disease returning . for some women, the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent . most of the tests are available only privately and cost about £2,500 .
gulf state's constellation hotels bought 64 per cent stake in hotel company coroin . company owns claridge's, the berkeley and the connaught, among others . it is not known how much the deal is worth, but some have reported it could be as much as £1.6billion . qatar’s investment arm has been snapping up a number of the city's landmark buildings including the shard, harrods and one canada tower .
maickel melamed, 39, has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard just to walk or move . he finished his fifth marathon at 5am tuesday after 20 hours on the course . melamed said he would rest 10 seconds, then take four to six steps .
moussa sissoko was sent off for two bookings during newcastle's 2-0 defeat at liverpool on sunday . the 25-year-old lunged in and caught lucas on the ankle . john carver has labelled sissoko's tackle as 'indefensible' .
furious chinese leadership hit back at u.s. president over land reclamation . obama said beijing was 'using its sheer size and muscle to force countries' but new satellite images reveal flotilla of chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the spratly islands . area is claimed by many other nations in the region, including china .
joseph getty, 26, had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath . he was caught driving through belgrave square near his west london home . getty, who earns £40,000 a year as a financial analyst, received 20-month ban .
lianne hindle died three hours after giving birth at north manchester general hospital . the 37-year-old suffered a cardiac arrest at the scandal-hit hospital . her death came just months after three babies and one mother died . ms hindle's partner chris barnes has called for action to prevent further tragedies . he said: 'something has to be done. it isn't right. maternity units are supposed to be the safest places to have babies'
jamie anderson said cgi characters lack charm as 'lovingly detailed' puppets . he said: 'there is something utterly magical about seeing a puppet come to life' thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the original show .
light aircraft crashed in punta cana region of dominican republic at 8.15am . police said four of the passengers were tourists from spain and two from britain . pilot was apparently attempting to make emergency landing after take-off . plane struck ground in golf course adjacent to airport and burst into flames .
angela postle, from maroochydore in southeast queensland, stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle last month after slicing some oranges . the mother-of-five sent the fruit to queensland environmental health branch for testing, but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail . 'i'm very worried because i feed my kids a lot of oranges and fruit. we need answers because this could be a more widespread problem,' ms postle said .
jan oblak has convinced atletico madrid to start all their champions league matches . the 22-year-old goalkeeper cost €16million (£11.5m) last season . oblak was already slovenia's number one when he left benfica for madrid .
celta vigo striker fabian orellana was shown a straight red card . orellana threw a lump of grass at barcelona midfielder sergio busquets . orellana will miss celta's next game against granada on wednesday .
michael mcindoe played for bristol city and wolverhampton wanderers . he was declared bankrupt in october last year with more than £2million debts . the tricky winger is now being chased through the courts by creditors . he told a hearing he is now surviving on the generosity of 'good friends and family' .
the randolph hotel in oxford city centre caught fire this afternoon . the five-star hotel was used as a setting for television's inspector morse . the fire is not believed to have started in the ground floor kitchen .
ocean-going tug mv hamal intercepted by frigate hms somerset and border force cutter valiant about 100 miles east of aberdeenshire coast . the crew of the hamal, nine men aged between 26 and 63, were detained for questioning by investigators from the national crime agency . they were later charged with drug trafficking offences .
stephen taylor, 54, left lee-on-solent at 11.30am yesterday with intention of paddling west to lepe beach . he was in touch with his partner michelle fuller, 49, throughout the day . but when he failed to return late in the evening she alerted police . a coastguard helicopter, rescue teams and lifeboats were launched to search off the coast of hill head . police revealed shortly after midday today that a body had been found .
images posted under #notanaprilfools by campaign group let toys be toys . they are petitioning retailers to end the practice of labelling products by gender . females are offered pink beautician's outfits while males are offered doctor's uniforms .
peter fox, 26, is believed to have fled to london on wednesday night . his mother and sister were found dead half a mile apart in bootle, merseyside . bernadette fox, 57, died of asphyxiation while sarah, 27, was stabbed . mrs fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed . police are appealing for the public's help to track down mr fox .
south african troops deploy to jeppestown, where xenophobic violence broke out friday . seven people have been killed in recent anti-immigrant violence in south africa .
lewis hamilton fastest in both practice sessions for sunday's chinese grand prix . ferrari's kimi raikkonen was second with daniel ricciardo third . sebastian vettel was fourth with mercedes' nico rosberg fifth .
chelsea beat qpr 1-0 at loftus road in the premier league on saturday . thibaut courtois has won the league cup, copa del rey and uefa super cup . the belgian keeper wants to win the premier league this season .
a springer spaniel called sadie and a husky called sky interact with each other . the trio point their noses to the sky and howl together in harmony . the owner calls for quiet and the dogs stop and look at him in surprise .
a fresh water crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river in northern territory . fishing guide carol gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole . the three-metre reptile noticed ms gleeson from a distance before it submerged into the water . the incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught eating dogs and threatening locals in a daly river community .
claudetteia love, 17, said last week that she and her friends would not go to carroll high school's prom because principal patrick taylor had told her she had to wear a dress . her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country . now, principal taylor and monroe city school board president rodney mcfarland - who had backed claudetteia - have reportedly told the student that she may wear the attire after all .
talksport pundit stan collymore jumped up and down during aston villa's 3-3 premier league draw with qpr on tuesday night . the former villa striker even greeted qpr’s joey barton falling down to win a free-kick by clearly shouting at him: ‘you f****** rat’ . collymore did an interview with adrian durham and darren gough on talksport before the match .
"i was sickened by what i saw," police chief says . "we can't get into the brain of another individual, so we can't state that," scott family attorney says . north charleston police order 150 more body cameras .
a mom is seen pulling her son away from a crowd, smacking him in the head . she then follows him, screaming, "get the f--- over here!" police commissioner: "i wish i had more parents that took charge of their kids out there tonight"
nepali pranksters were shooting an internet comedy series when the earthquake broke out . they kept the camera rolling for 18 minutes as they traversed the crowded streets .
chyknell hall estate near bridgnorth, shropshire, is set in 200 acres of land . its centrepiece, the 11-bedroom chyknell hall, was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since . the regency home could now attract a-list buyers as the secluded grounds offer residents complete privacy . the ownership of the estate can be traced back to medieval times and this is only the third time it has been on the market .
atlanta hawks star thabo sefolosha blames six officers for breaking his leg . the 6'7'' swingman was arrested for allegedly preventing police from setting up a crime scene . he was left with a broken fibula and torn ligaments and will miss the rest of the season . sefolosha made the statement through his club's official twitter account .
bruno smartcan uses sensors to detect when dirt is swept towards it . it then activates its integrated vacuum to suck up the offending mess . the bin also has an integrated bag store and charging cord .
spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4bn over the past four years . now makes up more than ten per cent of all foreign aid spending . hundreds of team leaders earn at least £120,000 a year . daily rates of between £800 and £1000 are commonplace .
ukip leader said he would accept the result of a referendum on eu membership . but he rejected claims his party would become 'redundant' as a result . cameron, miliband and clegg faced grilling over plans for next five years . all three faced questions over cameron's proposed referendum in 2017 .
liam dawe, 21, was violently shaken as a baby but suffered health complications . he died from 'intra-abdominal sepsis' after developing cerebral palsy . police are considering manslaughter charges after he died two decades later .
a volunteer sheriff's deputy accidentally fires a handgun instead of a taser, killing a man . robert bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead . law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer's dominant side .
woman, 19, was changing in a cubicle in aqua vale swimming pool, buckinghamshire . she noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle and kicked him . he then disappeared and police are appealing for anyone who recognises him to contact them urgently .
sidonie, a well known spanish band from catalonia, composed the song after experiencing a 'lack of respect shown by ryanair flight attendants' the group posted the performance video to facebook and youtube . ryanair was not impressed with the group's performance .
labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon migrants in africa . he also called on the uk to take a 'fare share' of refugees fleeing civil war . around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks .
geraldine schultz, 67, was killed when a tornado struck her home in fairdale, illinois, last week . she was blown 35 miles away to harvard, illinois, where she was pictured alongside her husband clem schultz, 84 . alyssa murray found the 1980 photograph in the wake of the powerful storm, which also killed another woman in her 60s .
saracens no 8 billy vunipola was named man-of-the-match . toulon flanker steffon armitage was named european player of the year . clermont full back nick abendanon has been rewarded for his stellar form .
prince harry will arrive in australia on the 6th april . he will split his time between canberra, sydney, darwin and perth . 30-year-old will pay his respects at the australian war memorial . he will then head to barracks to report for duty .
until now doctors had assumed babies' brains were not developed enough . means newborns often go without painkillers during invasive procedures . but new study by oxford university doctors suggests babies feel pain . their pain thresholds are even lower than those of adults, they say .
nancy kanwisher, a professor at the massachusetts institute of technology, shaved her head during a lesson about different brain regions . a graduate student then used an electronic razor to shave the rest of her hair, leaving piles of hair on a bench in front of a projector . after the haircut a student used a permanent marker to draw the different brain regions on ms kanwisher's bare scalp .
alan roberts wrote to bournemouth borough council complaining of lack of action over fly-tipping . he signed off his email with: 'that's why i'll be voting ukip' ben grower, leader of the authority's labour group, replied: 'as you now appear to be a supporter of a racist party please do not send me any further emails' mr roberts said he was shocked by the 'petty' reply .
a large crocodile has been seen swimming through a marina in puerto vallarta, in mexico . new zealander tim weston was on holiday with his wife when he saw the alarming sight . he said the crocodile kept the dog in its mouth for ages, not moving at all . the video has been viewed more than 500,000 times on social media .
in 2009, satyam computers services was at the center of a massive $1.6 billion fraud case . its then-chairman ramalinga raju admitted inflating profits with fictitious assets and nonexistent cash .
mary day, 60, of dorset, fraudulently claimed £16,500 of taxpayers' money . she used the money to go on luxury holidays to the indian resort of goa . day's savings were £11,000 above the £16,000 threshold for such benefits . she went on three trips to goa in 2009, 2011 and 2014, but failed to tell authorities . she has now pleaded guilty to five counts of dishonestly failing to notify the department for work and pensions of a change in circumstances affecting her ability to claim benefits .
justin whittington, 23, was arrested on friday in bakersfield, california . he was charged with child cruelty after the video surfaced online . following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment' on sunday he posted a message on facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be 'left out of this' .
the blaze took place at a building located on a flint intersection, and started at about 1pm . a strip club used to be housed at the site . only the building itself and a few nearby power lines were affected .
norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness . eye2tv can be plugged into any hdmi port on a tv or a computer monitor . a remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment . it allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't . and the effect is such that someone with normal vision will barely notice any change in the picture . and the team is seeking £100,000 ($150,000) of funding on kickstarter .
147 people were killed in the garissa university college attack, the red cross says . the attackers sprayed bullets indiscriminately, taking hostages, a lecturer says . the attack is consistent with the practices of al-shabaab, the somalia-based terror group .
an australian couple who abandoned a boy born in a surrogacy deal in india were repeatedly told the child would be left stateless, new evidence shows . australian government officials had full knowledge of the ordeal . the couple travelled to india in late 2012 and seeked citizenship for a baby girl but told consular staff they would be leaving her twin brother behind .
samantha crossland, 30, pocketed parents' fees being paid to nursery . she was told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back . nursery owner lynda quigley confirmed that the amount stolen - £22,642 - had been paid into her bank account on from an 's. crossland'
harley jolly, tyson barr and nic roy videoed themselves descending dunedin’s baldwin street on their trikes . the three men hurtle towards parked cars but manage to drift around them safely before coming to a stop at the bottom . baldwin street is 350 metres long and is officially recognised by the guinness book of records as the world's steepest with a 35% gradient .
the film has established a new high-water mark for the month of april, blowing past the $95 million debut of captain america: the winter soldier . it also ranks . ninth among the top ten openings in history . audiences flocked to see paul walker in one of his final roles before his untimely death in 2013 at the age of 40 .
university of florida, emory university investigating fraternity members . zeta beta tau members allegedly spit on wounded war veterans .
photographer jessica fulford-dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in kabul, afghanistan . the skateboarding program, skateistan, aims to connect youth in afghanistan with education through skateboarding . 40 per cent of the program's students are female .
everton defender john stones was on barcelona's defensive transfer radar . the catalan club were desperate for reinforcements at the end of last season . stones signed a new £30,000-a-week five year deal keeping him at everton until 2019 .
daniel williams, from toronto, filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee . the 90-second clip has already attracted three million views on youtube .
the federal government will be investing $4.1 million on a tv drama . the telemovie will be shown in countries such as syria, iraq and afghanistan . it will urge asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers . this comes as prime minister tony abbott stated that only the coalition would be able to stop asylum seeker boats .
nina dobrev announced she will be leaving "vampire diaries" at the end of this season . many fans were upset that she could sink hopes of a satisfying denouement to the relationship between her character and damon salvatore . producer julie plec issued a statement supporting dobrev's decision .
ian bell says he never expected england to win the series in the west indies . england hung on for a draw on an unresponsive pitch in antigua . bell scored a magnificent maiden hundred in the first test .
chris appleton has been working with singer rita ora, 24, for two years . he says her blonde locks need to be colored every three weeks . chris also makes his own hair masks, which he makes her sleep in, to ensure that her hair stays in the best condition possible .
hyperemesis gravidarum (hg) affects 10,000 women a year in the uk . it causes constant vomiting, crippling weakness and dehydration . study looked at 312 children born to 203 mothers with hg between 2007 and 2011 . compared those to 169 children born to 89 mothers who did not have hg .
martin allen believes it is important for troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season . if one player wants to go a different way, something is going to crack and the team ethic and unity will be broken . allen believes it is a zayn if players are not pulling in one direction .
liverpool and newcastle players both took part in a minute silence . the fixture at anfield was preceded by a period of silence from both teams and the 45,000 fans gathered . flowers were also laid at the club's hillsborough memorial at anfield, including some by former newcastle captain bobby moncur . on 15 april 1989, 96 liverpool fans were crushed to death during their fa cup semi-final against nottingham forest .
lisa mcelroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at drexel university, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on march 31 under the subject line: 'great article on writing briefs' when recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act' the university says federal law requires it investigate all reports of inappropriate behaviors of a sexual nature .
the tiny fishing village of jose ignacio is almost unknown around the world . but every summer, it hosts the creme de la creme of the fashion world . ronnie wood, shakira, rolling stone and giuseppe cipriani have all holidayed there . uruguay is wedged between oversized neighbours argentina and brazil .
sarah brennan, 36, and mark brennan, 35, from south wales, never gave up hope . but they defied doctors to have eryn, who was born seven weeks early . after feeling queasy and exhausted, sarah decided to take a pregnancy test . it confirmed that she was expecting, but after so many miscarriages, they just got used to it - to being let down every time .
harry redknapp resigned as queens park rangers manager in february . the former qpr boss says he still has plenty to offer football . redknapp says he would consider a return to management as long as it's at the right club .
bangladesh beat fellow world cup quarter-finalists pakistan by 79 runs . tamim iqbal and mushfiqur rahim scored centuries in dhaka . pakistan could only muster 250 in reply .
the st ivan rilski church is the only remaining evidence of the community of zapalnya, bulgaria . residents were forced to leave their homes to make way for a dam built by the communist regime . the crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water at the zhrebchevo reservoir .
fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network (ukmon) in portadown, county armagh . footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the irish sea . ukmon said that pieces from the meteorite, which came from an asteroid in orbit between mars and jupiter, would have crashed to earth .
massimiliano allegri has guided juventus to a commanding lead in serie a . juve are 14 points clear of roma at the top of the standings . if they win the league, it will be a fourth straight scudetto for the club .
woman's body found at derby motor boat club in sawley, leicestershire . the woman, thought to be in her 60s, was found floating in the river trent . a 65-year-old man has been arrested and released on police bail . detectives are continuing to investigate the woman's 'suspicious' death .
robert dellinger, 54, was sentenced on thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the december 2013 deaths of amanda murphy, 24, and her fiance, 29-year-old jason timmons . prosecutors claimed he deliberately drove his pickup truck head-on into the couple's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself . during the second day of the sentence hearing, he was given credit for the 15 months he has spent in jail
german president joachim gauck said tragedy provoked grief and sorrow . german cardinal rainer woelki led service at cologne cathedral today . urged forgiveness for victims, including co-pilot andreas lubitz . lubitz is widely blamed for 'deliberately' crashing germanwings jet . investigation revealed lubitz suffered from severe depression . home computer showed he had researched ways of committing suicide . small wooden angels placed on pews to comfort 500 bereaved relatives .
the ukrainian interior ministry said oleg kalashnikov was found dead wednesday . he was a former ally of deposed ukrainian president viktor yanukovych . at least six former ukrainian government officials from yanukovych's time have died over the past two months .
scott suggs, 28, and brandy kangas, 36, were arrested last december . police received anonymous tip about their 17-month-old son and two girls . when they arrived at home, they found room stained with human urine and feces . room had a 'gate' through which children were fed their meals, police said . suggs and kangas pleaded guilty to three counts of felony child neglect . handed six-year suspended sentence, 10 years of 'good behavior' and probation .
18-year-old goes by the name dark.cyanide and scales some of new york's tallest buildings without ropes or harnesses . many of the images, which include some shot 72 storeys above street level, show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above streets below . he describes himself as an 'urban historian' and says he likes photographing new york because it is huge and constantly changing .
the map uses data from the california roadkill observation system, a volunteer-submitted database of instances where wildlife and vehicles collided over the past five years . it assigns different coloured markers for various sizes of species . clicking on the dots reveals the species - striped skunk, mountain lion, black bear, gopher snake, desert iguana - and where and when they were hit .
eden hazard leads the way for chelsea against manchester united . craig gardner starred as crystal palace beat tony pulis' west brom . tom heaton produced a string of saves to keep everton to just one goal . seamus coleman was key to everton's win over burnley .
lawyers for brett peter cowan will file an application to have chief justice tim carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal . cowan received a life sentence for murdering, indecently dealing and dumping daniel morcombe's body in 2003 . cowan's barrister, peter davis, said mr carmody had met with bravehearts founder hetty johnson shared an email, in which she referred to him as 'tim' and included a smiley face . mr car
michelle keegan is named the sexiest woman in the world by british men's magazine fhm . the 27-year-old actress is best known for her roles on the bbc series "ordinary lies"
bayern munich lost 1-0 to porto in champions league quarter-final first leg . ricardo quaresma and jackson martinez scored for porto . pep guardiola blamed injuries for the defeat .
doug hughes, 61, has been chaperoned back to his home in ruskin, florida . he will wear an electronic tag until his first court date in washington, d.c., next month . the secret service has decided not to prosecute mr hughes' wife alena, who claims she was not aware of the plan . under interrogation, mrs hughes told officers her husband said he was going to virginia but did not elaborate .
mumia abu-jamal, 60, was taken to hospital on april 2 after collapsing in the bathroom of the state correctional institution at mahanoy in philadelphia . he was delivered two batches of letters - one from a third grade class in orange, new jersey, and another from high school students in the philadelphia student union . the cards have caused outrage and alarm among political commentators, many of whom claim the 60-year-old's illness is a fraud and clamor for attention .
cbs political analyst john dickerson has been announced as the new host of face the nation, taking over from veteran broadcaster bob schieffer . the 78-year-old announced he would be retiring last week . dickerson worked for time magazine for 12 years, four of them as white house correspondent, and has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign and the obama presidency .
graphic designer martin vargic used satellite data to create chart . shows how constellations have changed from 50,000 bc to 100,000ce . results suggest many of the most distinctive constellations will become almost unrecognisable in the future .
mv azores was due to leave lisbon at 7pm on tuesday for bristol avonmouth . but lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an 'unresolved' wrangle . harbour master refused to let the ship leave for bristol on wednesday . uk cruise firm, which had nothing to do with the dispute, eventually came to an arrangement with portugese authorities which allowed the ship to sail 19 hours late .
leicester city beat west brom 1-0 in their premier league clash . jamie vardy scored the winner at the hawthorns on saturday . vardy was being criticised two years ago but is now a pivotal part of the team . the foxes must think big or forever remain small .
ronda rousey wore a black dress handmade by london designers house of cb . the ufc bantamweight champion was all smiles at the hollywood event . rousey's mother dr annmaria, a former world judo champion, said: 'my little pumpkin grew up'
steven finn admits he finds critics who criticise him for not hitting 90mph . the middlesex seamer has vowed to chase a recall to england . finn was one of the few pluses of a dismal world cup run .
lee mcculloch sent off in rangers' 2-1 win over hearts at ibrox . the gers captain apologised to stuart mccall and the rangers players . mcculloch was shown a straight red card for fouling osman sow .
matheryn naovaratpong, from thailand, was diagnosed with an aggressive form of brain cancer last april after failing to wake up one morning . tests revealed she had a 11cm tumour in the left side of her brain . she died on january 8th this year after her parents switched off her life support machine . by the time she passed away, she had lost 80 per cent of the left side of her brain - essentially paralysing the right side of her body .
the neglected cat from sea isle city in new jersey was handed over to the rescue agency s.o.s sea isle cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home . luckily for sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself, she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer stacy jones olandt . 'we’ve seen fat cats at 20 to 25 pounds but this is just obscene. cats, by and large, don’t overfeed themselves,' said olandt .
a spring storm that had doused northern california for the previous 24 hours arrived in southern california on tuesday night . the storm brought mostly light but necessary rainfall across a region that has been experiencing extreme drought conditions . thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm, and the dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season . earlier in the day, the unusually cold spring storm brought heavy rain and hail to parts of northern california and coated the mountains in snow .
steven thompson speared team-mate john mcginn with a pole in training . mcginn was stabbed in the leg and will miss the rest of the season . thompson subsequently scored two goals in st mirren's 4-1 win over kilmarnock .
"furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more when opening at the north american box office this weekend . it is getting the widest release in universal's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003 . the current record-holder for top april opening domestically is "captain america: the winter soldier"
the five-second rule has been cited to justify picking up anything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts . food safety information council spokeswoman rachelle williams said it is a 'myth' and 'definitely do not recommend it' dry foods are things such as potato chips, lollies, nuts, biscuits, crackers and uncooked rice or pasta . dry foods are things such as cookies, lollies, lollies, biscuits, crackers and uncooked rice or pasta .
the latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like emma stone . dr barbara kubicka says she has clients coming in asking for botox . dr barbara kubicka says she has clients coming in asking for botox .
the fbi investigates and tries to catch those responsible for domestic terror attacks . donna joan borup, ted kaczynski and eric rudolph are among the fugitives .
nypd bomb squad scrambled liverty island after 911 caller said he was 'going to blow up' the landmark . sniffer dogs seized a locker on the island, which they thought contained something suspicious . official all-clear was given around 4:30pm, by which time the park's 4pm closing time had passed, so visitors were not allowed back . the island was deemed safe again around 4:30pm, but tourists were not allowed back because the island was almost closed for the day .
a 22-year-old marrickville man was arrested in possession of 441 mdma tablets . a 23-year-old peakhurst man was also taken into custody after he was allegedly located with 124 mdma tablets and a wad of cash . a further 16 people were charged with possession of mdma tablets and three others were issued criminal infringement notices . police were targeting the use and supply of prohibited drugs at the sydney showground in homebush .
chelsea manning is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking classified documents . she appears to have joined twitter this week .
zachary davis was 15 when he bludgeoned his mother's skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze in an effort to kill his elder sibling josh . davis, now 17, laughed as he killed his mother melanie davis in august 2012, leaving her bloodied and unrecognizable before fleeing . davis is charged with first-degree murder, attempted first-degree murder and aggravated arson .
nicola bonn, 34, from london, started upfront mama blog . blog details trials and tribulations of raising daughter poppy, 14 months . one of her blog posts, why we need to stop justifying ourselves, went viral . she's spent way too much time explaining herself and almost apologising .
a young boy was befriended by a brown bear at a north american zoo . the bear sits partially submerged in the water and sits calmly next to the boy . the boy puts his hands up against the glass and the bear begins to interact . the bear appears to try and bite the youngster through the glass .
georginio wijnaldum has been linked with a move to manchester united, arsenal and newcastle . the 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in all competitions for psv this season . wijnaldum favourited sky sports' tweet linking him with a move to the premier league .
facinet keita, 31, was representing guinea in the 2012 olympics . he was knocked out in the qualifying stages and refused to leave . mr keita said failure to win a medal meant he 'would be murdered' . his wife has now split from him because she 'couldn't wait for him' .
demetrious johnson retained his ufc flyweight champion title on saturday . the american controlled kyoji horiguchi for nearly the entire five-round bout . johnson scored the latest submission win in ufc history with a second left .
england bowled west indies out for 299 on day two in grenada . stuart broad produced his best bowling since knee surgery last year . broad backed captain alastair cook to hit a big hundred .
rangers board held first meeting with mike ashley since taking control . ashley owns an 8.92 per cent stake in rangers . sfa rejected an approach to raise his current 10 per cent limit .
consumer reports in the us tested 342 packages of frozen prawns . found 60 per cent of the prawns contained traces of harmful bacteria . bacteria included salmonella, mrsa and vibrio, which can cause food poisoning .
passengers on virgin flight from las vegas to gatwick endured 33-hour delays . flight vs44 should have left mccarran airport at 4.30pm local time on easter monday . but a series of delays meant the 403 passengers did not get away on their flight to gatwick until early on wednesday . some passengers are considering legal action against virgin .
sean crawford, from carterton, new zealand, has recently come under fire for his bizzare sculptures . he said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on . after producing works without taxidermy, he decided he wanted to add a more 'natural' layer to his work . mr crawford has three animal sculptures currently on display at traffic jam galleries at neutral bay on sydney's lower north shore .
five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning . four of the men, all in their 20s, are from birmingham, west midlands . a 26-year-old man and a 23-year-old woman of no fixed abode were also held .
director of public prosecutions alison saunders 'ignored advice' of qcs . clare montgomery qc and eleanor laws qc advised lord janner to face trial . mrs saunders decided it was not in the public interest to charge janner . figures from across the political spectrum are clamouring for the decision to be reversed amid fears of a ‘whitewash’ .
hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans . arizona, texas, montana, missouri, and oklahoma are the only five states in america that do not have texting bans for all drivers . the greatest benefit was seen in states where texting bans are strictly enforced and where an officer can stop a car just on suspicion the driver breaking the law .
keith wolfe smarch, a first nation master-carver, abandoned work on a totem pole to guide him along the infamous chilkoot trail . he is descended from skookum jim, the first man to find gold in a remote riverbed in the yukon in 1896 . the 32-mile hike took weeks to complete but they staggered into bennett, a makeshift city of tents, hotels and saloons .
celebrities with a home cinema include the sherlock actor benedict cumberbatch and retail tycoon sir philip green . and this week we learnt that the beckhams want one, too . a planning application submitted for their 1860s home in london’s holland park shows drawings for a lower-groundfloor ‘cinema room’ .
if you are a man, the odds are it will be the left one; if you are a woman, it is more likely to be the right . in men the ring finger is likely to be longer than the index finger . in women the two fingers are typically the same length .
edinburgh centre matt scott ruled out until at least the end of the season . scott hasn't played since picking up his latest injury against ireland . glasgow’s alex dunbar is also a major fitness doubt for the world cup .
psychologists at new york university have been trying to understand how the brain stores memories for 'emotionally neutral events' this is because emotion affects activity in brain regions involved in emotional processing - particularly the amygdala and striatum . strong emotion can strengthen memory for positive events, such as a birthday party thrown by close friends, and for negative events, such as making an embarrassing faux pas at the office holiday party .
gavin tobeck of lacey, washington was mauled by family's newly adopted pit bull smash on april 1 . he was left with a broken cheekbone, jaw and nose bridge, and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets . his mom alissa evans' friend threw hot coffee on the dog which led to the animal releasing his grip on gavin . after six days at harborview medical center, he was released late on tuesday .
at least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a zara clothing store in philadelphia on friday afternoon . the fight broke out at a store location in the city's rittenhouse square neighborhood . during the melee, the women pulled hair, slapped, yanked each other's clothes and knocked over store displays .
julian zelizer: sen. elizabeth warren has offered to "bring it on" on wall street . zelizer: hillary clinton will need to decide how much to highlight economic inequality .
corinthian colleges inc. will shut down all of its remaining 28 campuses . dean obeidallah: we can't afford to continue funding for-profit colleges .
atletico madrid face city rivals real madrid in champions league quarter-final . fernando torres has hailed manager diego simeone for his recent success . atletico reached champions league final before losing to city rivals . simeone's side have not lost to real madrid in six meetings since 2014 . click here for all the latest atletico madrid news .
leo greene, 39, of salt lake city has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway at salt lake city international airport . the chase then started on a public road near salt lake city international airport on monday at 3am . greene faces multiple charges including driving under the influence, fleeing and resisting arrest .
jeremy hunt promised crackdown if tories are re-elected after election . reveals some could dodge tax by channelling salaries through personal companies . royal college of nursing condemns 'shocking' pay rises .
steven christopher costa, 31, plans to leave his home in devon to fight in iraq . father-of-two said jihadis 'need to be put down like rabid dogs' he has applied for a visa and plans to fly to northern iraq via jordan . mr costa said he will take his own life if he is ever captured by the terrorists .
joe calzaghe enjoyed a holiday in barbados with his girlfriend lucy . the former undisputed super-middleweight champion retired seven years ago . calzaghe won all 46 of his professional fights .
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board . downton is the latest victim of england's failure to compete on the global one-day stage . the system is broken and needs fixing if england are ever going to compete in limited-overs cricket again .
nigeria is now one of the fastest growing markets for french champagne and digital televisions . luxury brands tend to enter country markets through distributors, benefiting from local knowledge of their partners .
anthony sideri was 25 when he began using heroin . he snorted heroin to feel the effects, then snorted it again . sideri is now a drug-free man .
two men burst into esso filling station in caterham, surrey, last wednesday . they forced their way into the manager's office and ransacked the room . the men stripped off their tops before attempting to rob the store . police have released cctv images of the men which they hope will identify them .
jeremy clarkson, 55, was sacked from top gear after 'unprovoked' attack . he was told by a doctor two days before attack that he might have cancer . clarkson said being given warning was one of most stressful experiences . he said: 'top gear always came first. i had now been given the all-clear'
britain is the most expensive place in the world to buy the apple watch . the most expensive edition model costs £2,500 more in the uk than the us . at the lower end of the scale, british buyers pay up to £63 more for the sport model . this is a difference of over £1,230 when it comes to the luxurious watch edition .
walter scott was fatally shot by a white police officer in south carolina in april . hundreds gather at a christian center in summerville, south carolina . scott's daughter samantha reads a poem dedicated to her father .
the 14-storey booster manages to hit the barge, but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact . the maneuver was attempted following the launch of the falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from cape canaveral in florida . united launch alliance has unveiled radical plans to launch a reusable rocket named 'vulcan' in 2019 .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . louis van gaal's side are now four points clear of their cross-town rivals . city have gone from joint top on new year's day to 12 points off the leaders . here are five things we learned from the manchester derby .
bill de blasio said on sunday it is important for hillary clinton to define her campaign message, and that he wants to see her vision for addressing income inequality . 'i think she's a tremendous public servant. i think she is one of the most qualified people to ever run for this office. and by the way, thoroughly vetted, we can say that. but we need to see the substance,' he said . de blasio said clinton's work that proved to be successful during her 2000 senate run
the storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters around 9 p.m. crews searched late on saturday for at least four people missing in the waters . more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the dauphin island regatta in mobile bay .
serena williams has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year . world no 1 will face carla suarez navarro in miami open final on saturday . williams has been beaten in the semi finals by simona halep .
tanka maya sitoula, 40, was trapped in a room on the ground floor of her kathmandu home . she endured 36 hours trapped in the rubble before being rescued by an indian team . "i was confident that everybody was there outside and that i would be rescued," she says .
beach hut on desirable mudeford spit in christchurch, dorset, has gone on the market for £230,000 . it is the same price as a five-bedroom house in herefordshire and more than a detached four-bedroom house in kingswood, hull . the huts have no mains electricity or water and can only be reached by boat or a novelty 'noddy' train .
psv eindhoven beat heerenveen 4-1 to win dutch championship . luuk de jong scored two headed goals to put hosts in control . ajax amsterdam have lost their title after four successive years as champions . bottom side dordrecht moved closer to relegation following 3-0 loss at vitesse arnhem .
vera maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man over four years . she was initially arrested over death of 70-year-old woman last august . but she has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014 . maresova injected potassium straight into blood stream of six of her patients . all of her victims were already in intensive care at hospital in rumburk . it is believed she thought deaths would be attributed to natural causes .
researchers developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the met office . from this they predicted the abundance and distribution of popular fish, such as haddock and plaice, could fall as the north sea warms . prices of fish and chips could soar or be taken off the menu completely .
tyrus byrd, 40, was sworn in as mayor of parma, missouri, last week . she must find replacements for five of the city's six police officers, the city attorney, the city clerk and the water treatment supervisor . the officials all cited 'safety concerns' in their resignation letters, the outgoing mayor says .
jack grealish started for aston villa against qpr at wembley on saturday . the 19-year-old impressed in midfield and adapted well to big stage . grealish won two free-kicks for villa through dribbling with the ball .
blanca cousins, 15, fell to her death from her family's hong kong flat . her father nick cousins, 57, was arrested over alleged 'ill treatment' of her . police are investigating whether her birth and that of her sister were registered . it is also alleged that they did not attend school and never went to school . mr cousins was also questioned over claims his filipino partner, grace garcia cousins, 53, had overstayed her visa by 20 years .
kaka showed off an 'i belong to jesus' vest after ac milan's champions league win . the brazilian midfielder was not mocked or ridiculed for the gesture . he was not held up as a symbol of a creeping, sinister malaise in our society . i can't remember anyone saying such shows of religious devotion were out of place at a football match .
queen, duke of edinburgh, prince william and political leaders attend service . charles and harry join 10,000 in dawn pilgrimage at gallipoli in 1915 . around 58,000 allied troops were killed, many from australia and new zealand .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . eden hazard scored his 13th premier league goal of the season . ander herrera appealed for a late penalty after diving under the challenge of gary cahill .
lihi yona filmed a black pup lapping up all the fun at a public play area in brooklyn, new york, over the weekend . each time the water sprays, the canine flies through the air .
jane laut, 57, was arrested and charged in 2009 with shooting dead her olympic medalist husband dave laut . the charges were dropped and then refiled on friday in a ventura county courtroom . laut claims she wrestled a gun from her abusive husband after he became intoxicated and said he was going to kill her after he killed their 10-year-old son and their dogs .
around 1.3 billion chinese people marked the annual qingming festival by travelling home to their ancestral villages . families descended on graveyards to clean their tombs of the deceased and honour their loved ones . in shaanxi province, a huge outdoor celebration was held as part of the qingming festival . a bell was rung from the top of the city's temple, while the drums were struck 34 times, one for each of china's provinces .
supreme court justices appear divided on the constitutionality of gay marriage . justice anthony kennedy returns to a familiar role as the court's pivotal vote . chief justice john roberts seems to lean more closely to conservative justices .
teofil brank, better known by stage name jarec wentworth, was arrested on march 4 by the fbi in los angeles . investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim, who has only been identified as d.b . in a march 20 indictment, brank was charged with felony extortion by threatening to injure someone's reputation .
hector bellerin scored a brilliant goal in arsenal's 4-1 win over liverpool . the spaniard has emerged as a star player after filling in for mathieu debuchy . bellerin beat theo walcott's 40 metre club sprint record last summer .
labour chiefs scrambled to shore up support for ed miliband on zero-hours contracts . it emerged dozens of labour councils and mps employ staff on the controversial contracts . parliament’s expenses watchdog rejected claims by labour mps that they employ staff on zero hours only because they are forced to by the westminster system . labour’s biggest donor unite also lost a tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked for complaining about being employed on a zero-hours basis .
richard hutchinson, 40, from thornaby-on-tees, north yorkshire, jailed for two years . hutchinson punched his former friend in the face so hard he fractured skull . victim needed 16 days in intensive care and hutchinson jailed for two years . pair had a 'long-running' feud after hutchinson borrowed £300 from him . hutchinson said he lashed out because pair had fallen out over money .
swiss researchers measured the temperature of 'hot jupiter' hd 189733b . they found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°c in the atmosphere . and wind speeds are in excess of 620 miles per hour . findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals . it reveals the planet has an extremely turbulent atmosphere and is almost certainly inhospitable to life .
lib dem leader boarded his 'fun bus' for a series of bizarre photo opportunities . aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get him out of london . he is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio .
charles piutau will join ulster on a two-year deal from 2016 . the new zealand international has won 14 caps for the all blacks . piutau made his test debut against france two years ago .
a catholic reads the bible this week . this week's topic is the book of genesis .
nyia parler, 41, 'wheeled her quadriplegic son into a park outside philadelphia on monday and left him there with a blanket and a bible' on tuesday, she 'went to visit her boyfriend in maryland and left him there with a blanket and a bible' on sunday, she was admitted to a maryland facility for an 'undisclosed condition' and faces charges including aggravated assault and neglect .
former celebrity big brother contestant said vessels 'need pushing back' she said: 'i, for one, believe we should turn back the boats. i would use gunships' comments branded 'dangerous' and a 'manifestation of toxic hate in the uk'
atletico madrid's champions league clash with real madrid finished goalless at the vicente calderon on tuesday . jan oblak made a string of excellent saves to deny gareth bale in the fourth minute . carlo ancelotti wants his side to repeat their performance at the bernabeu next week .
gregg manderson, 68, of st paul, minnesota, first sought medical help after he got twinkle twinkle little star stuck in his head last may . he has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show cheyenne had the same bugle call stuck in his head for years . minneapolis va medical center neurologist dr khalaf alla bushara and researcher roger dumas have looked for a way to end the earworm, though they have yet
13-year-old stephanie wrote the message to her father in nevada’s delamar dry lake . she enlisted the help of car manufacturer hyundai to make the earth drawing . the guinness world record has now declared it the largest tire track image ever .
the chair in which abraham lincoln was shot has been on display at the henry ford museum in dearborn, michigan, for 85 years . on april 15, it will be removed from its enclosure to be displayed in an open plaza for the 150th anniversary of the assassination . two days earlier, it will be onstage when renowned historian doris kearns goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture at the museum . the chair has a dark stain on the back, which many visitors believe to be blood from
freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge april 12 . he "gave up without the use of force," a baltimore police official says .
the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims . they then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads . the brawl, involving students from benjamin franklin high school, even spilled onto the tracks . about a dozen students appear to be egging the fight on which officials have said may have started because of a dispute over a girl .
furious 7 has earned an estimated $29.1 million for the third week running . it is predicted to overtake the likes of iron man 3 and frozen in a matter of weeks . mall cop 2 came in a close second with an estimated $24 million .
the auction will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels spanning from the 18th to the 20th centuries . the most important piece is the maria christina royal devant-de-­corsage brooch, which was presented as a wedding gift from king alfonso xii of spain to his wife . also for sale is a pair of antique emerald indian bangles, which are believed to have descended from one of the more prominent indian royal families .
andy flower is technical director of elite coaching at the ecb . flower guided sides to three ashes triumphs and the world no 1 spot . kevin pietersen is back playing cricket for surrey in the hope of winning back a test spot in the england side .
jamaica, colombia and saint lucia have the highest percentage of female managers . britain is a country where 34.2% of managers are women . the middle east and pakistan account for the lowest percentage .
mario draghi held his hands up for protection when the demonstrator leapt on to the podium and began throwing paper at him . the woman - identified as josephine witt - yelled 'end the ecb dictatorship!' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards, while a third threw himself in front of mr draghi .
towie star lucy mecklenburgh, 23, is face of sunkissed . calls on younger sister lydia, 19, to join her in latest campaign . both love getting glammed up with hair and make-up and photoshoots .
jenson button crashed into pastor maldonado's lotus on lap 49 of chinese grand prix . button finished 13th, while maldonado retired following rear-end damage . button was given a five-second penalty and two penalty points .
jimmy anderson took a record 384th test wicket for england against the west indies on friday night . sir ian botham and anderson are the leading wicket-takers in england test history . botham was always larger than life and had huge self-belief as a player . botham was always larger than life and in your face .
crucible thoroughbreds john higgins and graeme dott led scottish charge . higgins impressed with a 10-5 first-round win over robert milkins . the 39-year-old fired breaks of 77, 75, 69 and a clinching 106 .
the sequel to "fifty shades of grey" will hit theaters on feb. 10, 2017 . the third film in the series will debut feb. 9, 2018 .
anderson silva says he will fight for a spot in the brazilian taekwondo team at the 2016 olympics in rio de janeiro . the announcement was made on wednesday after a meeting with brazilian taekwondo officials . silva said he is 'trying to give back to the sport' in which he began his career .
lewis hamilton took his brother nicolas for a ride in the la sunshine . the mercedes driver took time out from training ahead of the spanish grand prix next week . nicolas will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the british touring championship .
photographer jeffrey milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes, shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes . despite the name, the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters . mr milstein's work saw him gain access to air safety storage facilities where data recorders end up following an accident . the boxes, which record flight data and conversations between pilots, are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane's crash .
colin shearing, 70, fled to paris to avoid being jailed for a sex attack . he was convicted of indecent assault and given a week on bail . swansea crown court heard he booked a room at the hotel des nations . he then moved to a second and third hotel to stay one step ahead of police .
progress m-27m appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch at 3:09 am edt (07:09 gmt) from kazakhstan . it was due to dock with the iss six hours after take off, but that plan has now been 'indefinitely abandoned' nasa's mission control reported that a video camera on progress showed it to be spinning at a 'rather significant rate'
branded painkillers are using 'clever marketing' to make patients spend more . some manufacturers simply use same pills in different packaging . uk over-the-counter medicines market is worth £2.5billion .
blackpool chairman karl oyston has decided to contest his fa charge . oyston has been charged with five counts of allegedly abusive text messages . the unpopular chairman had until march 30 to reply, but was granted an extension . oyston still faces a ban from football activities .
dr sandra lee is a dermatologist at the skin physicians & surgeons practice in upland, california . she is known online as dr pimple popper, a moniker she used when she started posting clips of her patients' extractions . the clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers, as well as loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on reddit .
eni mevish, 20, was stabbed in the heart, lungs and liver by david marshall . the 68-year-old was on licence for sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl . he stormed her house in stoke-on-trent to butcher her with a kitchen knife . miss mevish was a forensic science student at staffordshire university . the pair met when she was out jogging six months earlier .
celtic beat inverness 2-1 in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . josh meekings blocked leigh griffiths' goal with his arm . ronny deila has called for the defender to be spared a sfa final ban .
made in chelsea star mark-francis vandelli is a keen collector of watches . the 26-year-old has been collecting watches since his teens . most expensive watch is a cartier white gold moonphase . flashiest is a £6,5000 bulgari bulgari chrono 42 .
surrender of confederate gen. robert e. lee to union lt. gen. ulysses s. grant 150 years ago on thursday was a milestone event in the end of the american civil war . thursday's commemoration in appomattox, virginia, included a reenactment of lee's last clash with grant's troops and of the confederate surrender in a virginia farmhouse on april 9, 1865 .
tourism group stay in cornwall has reassured swimmers that the water is fine . 'we want to put the minds of holidaymakers at ease by showing that jellyfish are not as harmful as they may appear,' says stay in cornwall's matt fletcher . not all jellyfish found off uk beaches can sting humans, and for the majority of cases, stings are mild or easily treated .
house & son auctioneers in bournemouth, dorset, will sell 173 lots . they include chanel, louis vuitton, prada, mulberry and manolo blahnik . items come from lifetime collection of anonymous single lady owner . family are now selling them and donating the money to charity .
wayne rooney scored a stunning half-volley as manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford . rooney's strike was his sixth in eight matches for united since being restored up front by louis van gaal . united are now eight points clear of fifth-placed liverpool .
the last of the woolly mammoths were isolated on an arctic island for around 5,000 years, forcing them to inbreed as their population dwindled . researchers have concluded that the creatures clung on in just a tiny pocket of the arctic, on an island that appears to have become cut off from the mainland . study has also raised the prospect of bringing the giant mammal back to life using cloning techniques with modern elephants .
binh and phuoc wagner of kingston, ontario were adopted by michael and johanne wagner around a year and a half ago from vietnam . the twins suffer from alagille syndrome, a life-threatening genetic disorder that causes a loss of the bile ducts within the liver during the first year of life . when phuoc needed a donor just a little more, their adopted father chose her to receive his liver, which was a perfect match .
dog named teeny completed press-ups with a twist alongside a dog trainer . the pair sit opposite eric ko of the dogaroo centre in hong kong . the dog looks up at the trainer in excitement and waits for him to say 'one'
harry reid said he is 'over' the fear that he may not regain vision in his right eye following a january exercise accident . reid sustained broken bones in his face while working out in his nevada home with a plastic exercise band . reid announced last month that he would retire .
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg had their say on sunday's chinese grand prix . hamilton said rosberg had been 'selfish' by slowing down while leading . rosberg said he was bunched up closer to the attacking ferrari of sebastian vettel .
rafael nadal beat lucas pouille 6-2, 6-1 in the monte carlo masters . the world no 5 will face either john isner or viktor troicki in the third round . nadal is an eight-time champion at monte carlo but hasn't won since 2012 .
the study was conducted by scientists at purdue university in indiana . they were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes . research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes . when the plane was stationary, the birds became alert more quickly when the lights were on, but when it approached them with its lights off, their response slowed . and they were also more likely to get out of the way of taxiing aircraft . and they were also more likely to get out of the way of taxiing .
james may and richard hammond met with top gear producer andy wilman . they were photographed outside clarkson's west london flat today . it is their first public appearance together since clarkson was sacked . mr wilman, a childhood friend of clarkson, is now free to reunite with team . speculation that pair are working on new motoring series to be aired by netflix, amazon or another british broadcaster .
sam allardyce believes manuel pellegrini's job is the hardest in world football . west ham boss believes pressure of winning back-to-back titles has made the chilean's job the hardest in the game . manchester city host the hammers at the etihad stadium on sunday .
ronald koeman says southampton must show maturity and respect . victor wanyama's future came under question after a move to arsenal . koeman says his players must remain focused on european qualification .
blue-eyed, australian doctor identified as tareq kamleh . kamleh, who is believed to be in his late 20's, completed his medical degree at adelaide university . he worked as a paediatric registrar at the adelaide women's and children's hospital until 2013 . he then moved to north queensland where he worked until late 2014 . a university student who knew kamleh said he showed no signs that he would defect to isis .
hbo released a teaser video for season 2 of "true detective" colin farrell, vince vaughn, rachel mcadams and taylor kitsch star in the new season . the first season starred matthew mcconaughey and woody harrelson .
robin van persie has missed manchester united's last six games . the striker suffered an ankle injury against swansea on february 21 . louis van gaal did not expect van persie to be fit for sunday's game .
esam ghazzawi's daughter and son-in-law fled their florida home in august 2001, leaving cars, furniture and food behind . fbi agent who investigated the disappearance said that the family had 'many connections to individuals associated with the terrorist attacks on 9/11/2001' fbi said the report was 'unsubstantiated' and that ghazzawi's daughter later returned to america to sell the home .
leading king historian stuart wexler said that the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth . king was shot dead by james earl ray on 4 april 1968 at the lorraine motel in memphis, tennessee in a killing which galvanized the civil rights movement . wexler said that it could have been one of the greatest scandals in the history of the fbi .
christy turlington, 46, suffered a potentially life-threatening complication shortly after the birth of her daughter grace, now 11 . she launched every mother counts in 2010, an organisation dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safe for mothers around the world . the former supermodel is training for the london marathon on 26 april .
triathlete charlotte roach, 26, from london, nearly died in a car crash in 2010 . she and her business partner rosemary pringle vowed to sport only fancy dress costumes for 40 days to raise money for london's air ambulance service . the two women rated buskers in trafalgar square while dressed as simon cowell, rode the tube as lifeguards and even pitched to clients in their pyjamas .
osman yaya, 12, from bennett middle school in salisbury, maryland, moderated a town hall event with the president on thursday . during an answer about writer's block, obama started getting a little long-winded and osman stepped in . obama grinned and replied, 'osman thinks i've been talking too long'
emergency services are preparing for damaging winds to hit parts of nsw over the next two days . winds of up to 100km/h are expected across the sydney metropolitan, hunter and illawarra regions . the ses had responded to about 15 jobs on monday morning, mainly in sydney metro area . winds averaging 55km/h to 65km/h with gusts to about 100km/h are set to develop in sydney, the hunter and illawarra on monday afternoon and evening .
celtic lost 1-0 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . emilo izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus on winning the league . ronny deila's side are currently five points ahead of aberdeen .
descendants of eight anzac veterans have shown off their relatives' wartime medals and photographs in a moving commemorative photo series . photographer mark kolbe travelled around australia to meet the grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the australian armed forces . amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the australian imperial force . black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams .
bradley neil finished 13 over par after competing in his first masters . the 19-year-old earned his invitation to the masters after winning the scottish boys championship in 2013 and then the british amateur championship last year . fellow scot sandy lyle played alongside him as he stepped on to the first tee hoping to recover from a six-over-par round on day one .
hellas verona's mounir obbadi scored the winning goal for fiorentina . alessandro diamanti had missed a second-half penalty for the home side . fiorentina are now nine points behind third-placed as roma .
neymar and dani alves watched el clasico on thursday night . barcelona prevailed 85-80 in the euro league contest . neymar helped brazil beat chile 1-0 at the emirates on sunday .
indiana's religious freedom law is being criticized as a copy of the federal law . sen. chuck schumer mocks the law, saying it's a mirror of the 22-year-old federal law .
vladimir putin appeared on russian tv today to insist none of the country's troops are positioned in the ukraine . his appearance is radically different to how he was previously pictured in 2007 and 2010 . in both photographs the skin of putin's face is more saggy, and he has visible dark circles under his eyes .
radamel falcao joined manchester united on loan from monaco last summer . juventus claim falcao's wages are 'beyond their means' the serie a champions have expressed an interest in paulo dybala and edinson cavani .
brian williams is refusing to go down 'without a fight' as he looks to return to his post on nbc nightly news, according to a source close to the network . it comes after it was revealed that an internal inquiry found williams's had lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times . he was suspended in february with no pay after it emerged he repeatedly told a false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an rpg over iraq .
luxury concierge service, bluefish, offering chance to dive 12,500ft below the surface of the sea . tour takes in sights like the famous grand staircase, the ship's anchors and the marconi room . more than 40 people have so far booked the trip to the atlantic ocean depths .
french photographer and illustrator, thomas lamadieu, takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings . the space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed 'sky art' .
the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair . around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the strip at the orleans hotel and casino . 'it's good clean fun, with a hint of naughty,' said tara o'hara of chicago .
dutch and canadian scientists asked 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else . about a fifth of the 1,000 meetings recorded took place over a meal . participants felt friendlier, listened more, gave more compliments and were more likely to make compromises .
revlon's love is on advert is shot entirely in black and white . the only colour is the pop of pink on the woman's lips . it's the cosmetics giant's first major relaunch in more than a decade .
blake, 27, welcomed her first child with ryan reynolds in january . has been promoting her new movie age of adaline . says losing weight hasn't been a priority .
izaak gillen of oregon city was taken to hospital on april 6 with a skull fracture while in the care of his babysitter . he was pronounced dead the next day, according to oregon city police sgt. matthew paschall . the boy's parents, justin and stacy gillen, said they are deeply saddened by the loss of their son and plan to donate some of his organs .
matthew colvin, 26, was behind bars on tuesday in southhaven, mississippi, and will be extradited back to memphis on wednesday . the rock 'n' soul museum reported on april 21 that an employee discovered the glasses, valued at more than $2,000, had been taken out of a display case during business hours . an investigator lifted prints and matched them to colvin .
spiderfab uses arachnid-like robots to construct large objects in orbit . could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials into orbit . robots can then piece together the materials while in orbit, finishing off the spacecraft .
the queen's guard slipped on a manhole cover during changing of the guard . unfortunately for him the entire incident was caught on a tourist's camera . he lost his footing and slid sideways, knocking his bearskin and dropping rifle .
bob corker, chairman of senate foreign relations committee, denies partisan politics in washington dc could derail agreement to curb iran's nuclear capabilities . said congressional scrutiny and approval of any nuclear agreement is essential to help ensure that deal is not a bad one . 'we just set in place a process to ensure that if there's a deal, it's a deal that will stand the test of time, that will keep iran from getting a nuclear weapon,' he said .
the vatican are training ordinary doctors, teachers and psychologists to cope with a rising tide of demonic possessions . experts say demonic activity is on the rise due to an in creased interest in the occult among the young . last year the international association of exorcists claimed it was ‘a pastoral emergency’ .
andy hornby was in charge of hbos when it collapsed in 2008 . he faced calls to step down from his role as non-executive chairman of pharmacy 2u . the company was found to be selling nhs patients' details on without their knowledge .
a microneedle patch could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need them . the patch, which resembles a small, round adhesive bandage, could deliver the vaccine in a matter of minutes . about 35,000 people annually became disabled because of polio in the u.s. in the 1940s and '50s .
ana romero claims ex-king juan carlos was having affair with corinna zu sayn-wittgenstein for the last ten years of his reign . bombshell allegation is that carlos was so smitten with her he even contemplated divorcing his wife, sofia . romero said: 'what do you see (in the book)? well, the double life which juan carlos led during a long time, a double life which obviously has not gone well'
porche wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges . when paramedics arrived at the sacramento home, the seven-year-old girl was covered in serious burns . the girl is expected to survive but she is suffering from severe wounds . wright has a criminal history with charges that include prostitution, disorderly conduct, and domestic violence .
chris trokey, now an orange county fire authority paramedic, saved the life of dr michael shannon in 2011 when he was just 3.2 pounds . dr shannon was trapped in his burning suv after it was t-boned by a semi-truck and dr trokey worked to pull him out alive . the two men greeted each other like old friends before having their heads shaved for the st. baldrick's foundation on sunday .
princess eugenie looked glamorous at the for the love of cinema dinner in new york city on thursday during the tribeca film festival . the cousin of princes william and harry looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment . the event was also attended by young starlet dakota fanning .
jordan henderson gave the ball away 23 times in liverpool's defeat to arsenal . john o'shea only sprinted 11.9 metres during sunderland's 1-0 win over newcastle . steven caulker is returning to his best after playing with too many partners .
alexis sanchez joined arsenal from barcelona for £30million in the summer . sanchez spent five years with serie a side udinese before joining from cobreloa . sanchez has impressed for arsenal so far this season .
bobby launched the #savebobbysmum appeal to urge people to sign up as potential bone marrow donors last august . he was heartbroken when doctors revealed his 'best friend' and mother kym norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant . weeks earlier the dental receptionist was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia .
beatrize carrion-moore, 23, is accused of kicking a deputy in the groin several times before offering him oral sex in exchange for a get out of jail free card . when police were called to boonies bar in west palm beach on friday night they found carrion-moore, 23 . carrion-moore was previously arrested in february and charged with aggravated battery and resisting an officer without violence .
fire broke out in a non-production building at general electric's appliance park in louisville, kentucky, around 7am friday . there are no known injuries at the structure, building 6, where up to 50 people work during a normal day . workers at the facility, which makes a range of appliances, had been evacuated and sent home . hydrochloric acid particles were found in the smoke near the building, which authorities said did not house an hazardous materials .
disney has just opened their first-ever overwater bungalows as part of their luxury polynesian resort . all of the bungalows have two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a full kitchen and a private plunge pool . each sleeps eight people and offers a view of both the magic kingdom resort and the lagoon .
ski champ lindsey vonn was in augusta, georgia, to cheer on her golfer boyfriend tiger woods at the masters golf tournament thursday . vonn has struggled with her own injuries and has had two major knee surgeries in the past two years . woods is in contention for a fifth masters championship after back surgery temporarily put his career on ice last year .
turkish airlines allowed arda turan into cockpit to congratulate team-mates . he was celebrating after team's 2-1 win against luxembourg last week . turkish aviation officials said it was a serious breach of safety rules .
judy eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at winstead's restaurant in kansas city last week . 'it's like my home away from home and i just love it here,' said eddingfield . on april 6, 1965 eddingfield began working at the restaurant where she was trained by her mother who had already been employed there for 13 years .
a 13-year-old maryland boy called 911 after a fire broke out on his family's home in clinton on sunday morning . marcus and his nine-year-old sister aaliyah were trapped in a second-floor bedroom because it was too hot to get out through the hallway . the boy soothed his sister after she blurted out, 'we're going to die', during the call and told her to 'stay low' and reminded her to breathe .
3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners confessed to carrying weapons . majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men . they were more likely to live in suburban areas and be married .
dave lee travis was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman at mrs merton . the 69-year-old was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, suspended for two years . travis was cleared of 12 counts of indecent assault following trial in february 2013 . he will be awarded £4,000 for taxi fares to and from court, as well as £630 for hotel stays while on trial .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao arrived in las vegas on tuesday . sportsmail's boxing correspondent jeff powell was there . powell looks ahead to saturday's mega-fight at the mgm grand .
incident occurred on monday over the arabian sea in mumbai airspace . emirates and etihad airways were traveling in opposite directions . both airlines insist safety was never compromised .
sebastian vettel won the second race of the season in malaysia last month . vettel saw off the challenge from mercedes drivers lewis hamilton and nico rosberg . ferrari technical director james allison believes mercedes will lead the way in china this weekend .
"orphan black's" second season kicks off on saturday . the cult sci-fi series remains one of the most critically acclaimed shows on tv . the introduction of a group of male clones will definitely increase the suspense .
sergeant edwin mee accused of raping and molesting 11 young women . the 46-year-old denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration relating to 11 young cadets . alleged victims were desperate for jobs and unaware of their rights .
workers say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working . some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near fields . they claim they are treated like slaves by agencies who hire them to produce salads and vegetables that end up on supermarket shelves in britain .
washington wizards beat toronto raptors 117-106 on tuesday . cleveland cavaliers beat boston celtics 99-91 to move into 2-0 lead . lebron james scored 30 points as cleveland beat boston 99-91 . chicago rockets beat golden state rockets 99-91 on monday .
the 750 square metre apartment on southbank promenade is spread across the entire 100th floor of australia 108 . it is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country . the new owner plans to live in the luxury pad when it is completed . the apartment boasts 360 degree views over melbourne's cbd, a private grand foyer and glass elevator .
four seasons have unveiled their brand new private jet . clip shows the all-white interior and leather flat-bed seats . each journey includes air travel, ground transportation and excursions .
natasha jonas has announced her retirement from boxing . the 30-year-old made history when she took on katie taylor at london 2012 . jonas is the first female boxer to represent gb in an olympic games .
lib dem leader promises to 'spread the burden' of deficit reduction . he scaled back plans for a mansion tax amid concerns it could cost party support in key seats in affluent parts of london . but he mocked george osborne's insistence that another £12billion can be found from the welfare budget .
manchester united went four points clear at the top of the under 21 league . adnan januzaj captained the red devils as they beat west ham . josh harrop grabbed his second of the game to secure victory .
police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in los angeles on sunday night and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head . the suspect, described as hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time, apparently had no motive for staging the attack . according to the victim's father, the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation . ammunition plowed through the wall and the bedroom door, although it was unclear which bullets struck
pet aquarium fish are being caught weighing up to 2kg in wa rivers . koi carp weighing up to 8kg and one metre in length are another of the 13 introduced pests . the native fish in the region are only 10cm long like the native minnows . in the south-west of western australia 90 per cent of the fish and 100 per cent of the crayfish are only found there .
hector bellerin scored arsenal's first goal against liverpool on saturday . arsene wenger didn't expect him to play alongside francis coquelin . wenger had all but given up on coquelin when he was loaned to charlton .
a russian tv channel aired hillary clinton's first campaign video with an 18+ rating . the channel said it didn't want to break russia's anti-gay propaganda law . the law bans "propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors"
time critic richard corliss died a week after suffering a major stroke . corliss compiled an all-time top 100 movies list with fellow critic richard schickel . "he savored it all: the good, the bad, the indifferent. except that he was indifferent to nothing," zoglin wrote .
raheem sterling has admitted he is not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool . the 20-year-old has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at anfield . sterling has struggled to repeat the impressive form he showed for liverpool last season .
luiz adriano has scored nine goals in the champions league this term . cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi will go head-to-head in the last four . barcelona and real madrid reached the last four with victories over paris saint-germain and atletico madrid respectively .
kawhi leonard scored 32 points as the san antonio spurs beat the los angeles clippers 100-73 in game 3 on friday . the spurs took a 2-1 lead in the series but must come from behind after two straight defeats . houston rockets beat dallas rockets 130-128 to take a 3-0 lead in the all-texan nba first-round playoff series .
japanese photographer yûki aoyama's latest series of images capture fathers leaping into the air next to their daughters . the 37-year-old's images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates into daughter and salaryman .
abu khaled al-cambodi, an australian is militant, has starred in a vile new video . cradling a gun, he has ordered his 'beloved brothers' to 'rise up' and attack targets in australia . the militant is thought to have become the most senior recruiter of australian militants for the islamic state . he has been named as a key figure in the investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on saturday .
queensland health says there is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in australia . the adult whooping cough vaccine will not be available until july . it comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old riley who died after contracting whooping cough . his parents are now leading a campaign, urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths from the terrible disease .
douglas murphy, 47, was cleaning up after a children's picnic in new york . he scraped his leg against a bin bag and almost lost his right leg . a cut so small it was hardly visible, became infected, causing necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug . surgeons were preparing to amputate his right leg but as they were printing out the paperwork, the antibiotics mr murphy had been given began to show signs of working .
neanderthals may have been unable to get as much energy from their food as modern humans who used fire . team of archaeologists at boston university and the university of bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from africa . they used computer model the amount of energy neanderthals would have been able to get from their food without cooking it compared to humans that were . without fire, a group of neanderthals would have had less energy - the equivalent 12 reindeer a year .
on thursday, trey moses, a senior at eastern high school in louisville, kentucky, asked ellie meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom . moses, who volunteers with teenagers with learning disabilities, surprised her during her p.e. class with a sign reading: 'let's party like it's 1989' the night before the promposal, moses texted ellie's parents to get their permission - and they were thrilled .
cristiano ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier united states side fort lauderdale strikers . lionel messi and ronaldo are billed as great rivals of modern day football . ronaldo says he 'would pay from his own pocket to sign messi' .
a 50-year-old driver will front court on tuesday facing a string of charges . police allege he rammed his car into the home at delaneys creek, north-west of brisbane, about 7.30pm on monday . five people, including a woman believed to be the man's ex-partner, were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it . the driver has been charged with murder and four counts of attempted murder .
manchester united scouts are due to watch inter milan striker mauro icardi . united have had staff at inter's games with sampdoria and parma . icardi has turned down inter's latest contract offer . chelsea, manchester city and arsenal have also watched the 22-year-old .
john goodwin, 75, shot himself near his car outside the rockingham county superior courthouse in brentwood, new hampshire on friday . he was airlifted to a hospital, where he died from his injuries . the jury was not aware of what had happened outside the courthouse when they decided they could not reach a verdict in the case . prosecutors said that goodwin repeatedly sexually assaulted an 11-year-old student from 2002 to 2005 .
elizabeth dawes, 39, was told she had breast cancer in july 2013 . doctors at new cross hospital in wolverhampton told her she needed immediate surgery, suggesting a double mastectomy . she refused, but underwent major surgery to remove a 'cancerous' tumour from her right breast as well as lymph nodes from her armpit . four days after the operation she was told staff had confused her notes with those of two other patients, and she'd never had the disease . she was so traumatised she needed anti-depress
hilary wilson, 41, suffered a cardiac arrest during a caesarean section . she woke up four days later with no idea she had been pregnant . only realised she had a son when someone showed her a picture of felix wearing a baby grow that her other children had worn when they were born .
simon mignolet was with belgium for their euro 2016 qualifiers against cyprus and israel . the 27-year-old was denied the chance to add to his 14 international caps . mignolet is back in england ahead of liverpool's clash with arsenal .
max verschuuren, 21, was bent over emptying rocks out of his boot on saturday night when his mate blasted his back open . he tumbled down the hill he was perched on, falling into the bushes in a desperate attempt to escape any further bullets . mr verschuuren kept his cool, worried that he would otherwise go into shock .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . daniel sturridge was left out of the squad for monday's game at blackburn . brendan rodgers said that his star striker will be monitored . steven gerrard could return after seeing out the last game of his suspension against newcastle united .
punters have reacted with a mixture of amusement and fury to the announcement future music festival will not return to australia in 2016 . many blamed the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts drake and avicii . others were quick to make fun of future festival goers, blaming 'shirtless f***wits' for ruining the festival . more than 230 people were arrested over drug-related offences at future music festival events around the country .
phil rudd changed his plea to guilty ahead of sentencing on tuesday . the 60-year-old was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and cannabis . rudd, who has lived in tauranga for over 30 years, hit the headlines last november when he appeared in court accused of attempting to hire a hitman to kill two people . he has been remanded on bail until sentencing on june 26 .
thief scaled two-storey antique market before breaking into rooftop vent . he picked three sets of locks and crawled on floor 'like a snake' to avoid beams . eight-minute raid likened to mission impossible-style raid on jewellers .
kim changes her food intake every ten days and works with a nutritionist . for lunch and dinner, a professional chef will serve her dishes with vegetables . snacks include justin's peanut butter packs and dulce de leche ice cream .
homeopathic remedies are part of a $2.9 billion business, according to the fda . experts testified at a hearing monday about their effectiveness . homeopathy is a medical philosophy that essentially believes your body is the best weapon to fight disease .
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix ahead of nico rosberg . mercedes team-mate rosberg bemoaned hamilton's 'selfish' tactics . hamilton absolved of any blame by mercedes non-executive chairman niki lauda .
bob barker hosted "the price is right" for 35 years . he stepped down in 2007 .
betty willis, 91, died in her overton, nevada, home on sunday . her often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of las vegas boulevard south of the strip . 'it's the most recognizable icon in the world,' said danielle kelly, executive director of the neon museum in las vegas .
dozens more company bosses have signed letter backing tory economic plans . among new signatories is simon woodroffe, founder of yo! sushi . others include executives from two ftse-100 firms and 10 from ftse-250 index .
liverpool moved within four points of the premier league top four . raheem sterling and joe allen scored the goals at anfield . brendan rodgers vowed not to give up on champions league qualification .
buzim, north west bosnia, has more than 200 sets of twins in a population of 20,000 . local journalist nedzib vucelj noticed the phenomenon when his wife emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war . at least 21 sets of twins were born during the war but the figure is far higher as many residents left to escape poverty . mayor agan bunic has backed the initiative believing it could help drive tourism in the area .
a jury of rolling stone's media peers has dissected the magazine's disastrous story about rape on the university of virginia campus . john sutter: rolling stone's lapses and sloppy blunders amount to journalistic malpractice .
shane ferguson was sent north by rangers on january transfer deadline day . newcastle missed the fact he was carrying a long-term knee injury . ferguson only checked in to the club's murray park training base on monday .
jenson button completed the london marathon in under three hours . the formula one driver joked he was disappointed to finish behind james cracknell . button was running on behalf of cancer research charity .
richard attenborough's possessions will be sold at bonhams . he made his big-screen debut in the 1942 film in which we serve . he was still acting more than five decades later when he appeared in jurassic park .
dr lara briden explains that endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside of the uterus such as the ovaries, bladder or intestines . 90% of women will experience period pain in their life time . dr briden says it's when pain is abnormal and can lead to sever pain and vomiting that women should go straight to a doctor .
jade walters, 21, loaned out her horse magic to help a young girl learn to ride . she didn't realise she would never see him again until two months later . the family looking after magic had sold him at auction for just £200 . magic's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community . an appeal for magic's whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times .
goure px plant in zhangzhou produces paraxylene, or px, a chemical used for producing fibers and plastics . it was the second explosion at the controversial plant in 20 months . authorities said initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids .
andrew flintoff has called on the english public to support alastair cook . the natwest twenty20 blast is in its second year and 12th for the domestic format . england captain cook is at a much lower ebb after two more test failures .
sudan is the target of poachers looking to sell rhino horn which can make up to £47,000 . the last male of the northern sub-species of the white rhino now lives under a 24-hour guard . a four man team of armed guards now protects sudan the northern white rhino .
every single major artery on britain's railways was shut down over the weekend . all trains to and from london euston will be affected . the west coast services between birmingham, manchester and liverpool will also be affected .
liverpool face arsenal at anfield in the premier league on saturday . raheem sterling has been linked with a move away from anfield . brendan rodgers said sterling is going nowhere in the champions league . sterling appeared happy to talk about his £100,000-a-week contract .
rory mcilroy carded a one-under-par 71 on the opening day of the masters . the world no 1 recovered by recording birdies on the 13th and 15th . mcilroy is four shots off the lead of justin rose and charley hoffman .
taxi driver was filmed singing along to a radio broadcast while driving in boston . at first the driver lets the radio take command before he begins singing . the uber worker continues to sing along to the opera song word perfectly .
olivia grant flew from singapore to thailand for the second series of indian summers . she was staying at the luxurious sri panwa resort in phuket . phuket is a far cry from koh phangan, an island off ko samui .
rangers beat dumbarton 3-1 in their scottish cup clash on saturday . ryan hardie scored a brace on his full debut for stuart mccall's side . the 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances for the hoops .
more than 44 million americans visit the doctor for an annual physical exam . there's little evidence that those visits do any good for healthy adults . 92 percent of americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical exam .
samir nasri dined out with girlfriend anara atanes in london on tuesday . the pair dined at hakkasan, an award-winning michelin star restaurant . manchester city are willing to use nasri and edin dzeko as bait in a deal to sign juventus midfielder paul pogba .
albert roux has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years, zimbabwean-born heiress cheryl roux, last year . the coterie includes a former flame, an artist, a hospitality manager and former cloakroom attendant nataliya lutsyshyna . sources close to the restaurateur say he is ‘smitten’ with ms lutsyshyna .
police fatally shot thaddeus mccarroll, 23, after he charged at them with a knife . a police body camera recorded the interaction . mccarroll's mother said he was walking around the house with knives and a samurai sword .
zlatan ibrahimovic has been compared to eric cantona for the second time in the space of a few days . peter schmeichel believes ibrahimovic has the 'personality' to become an old trafford great . jose anigo managed at marseille between 2001 and 2005 .
shane ferguson joined up with his rangers team-mates this week . ferguson has not played since his country’s 2-0 european qualifier win over greece in athens in october . rangers were controversially loaned players from newcastle in january .
anne-louise van den nieuwenhof, 31, died six days after giving birth . she was diagnosed with ewing's sarcoma, a rare bone and soft tissue cancer . her parents were told she only had three months to live . a fundraising page set up by her friends has raised $40,000 in her memory .
lionel messi has scored 45 goals in 44 games for barcelona this season . psg take on barcelona in champions league quarter-final first leg on wednesday . manager laurent blanc has described messi as 'unstoppable' .
peter endean re-tweeted image with caption: 'labour's new floating voters' around 1,300 people drowned trying to reach europe in make-shift boats . up to 950 drowned off the italian island of lampedusa over the weekend .
chevrolet confirms standard chevrolet express police van doesn't have bolts . bolts are built into the door and don't stick out, according to a spokesman . baltimore police department may have customise their own vehicles . investigation into death of freddie gray was released today .
fbi chief james coney introduced tests amid fears over expanding waistlines . those who fail will have the marks noted on their annual performance review . force depends on agents' ability to 'run, fight and shoot', he said .
two up is one of australia's longest lasting traditions . it dates back to australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s . the traditional game involves two coins but many venues now play with three for ease of betting among the crowd . the martingale betting strategy originated in france .
boxing has fallen precipitously since its 20th century heyday . manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather are expected to fight this weekend .
image shows a stellar nursery of about 3,000 stars called westerlund 2 located about 20,000 light-years from earth . hubble was launched on 24 april 1990 aboard space shuttle discovery . it is 43ft (12.3 metres) long and 14ft (4.2 metres wide) and orbits earth at a height of about 345 miles (555km) at a speed of 16,000 mph (27,750km/h)
common creams used to treat athlete's foot and eczema could undo the damage of multiple sclerosis, scientists claim . anti-fungal agent miconazole and steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of the disease . in laboratory tests, they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin, the protective coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease .
pete evans has shared an incredible story about a woman who claims she no longer suffers multiple sclerosis . hollie, 30, was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in september 2013 . she endured months of constant dizziness, altered temperature perception, extreme fatigue, numbness in her legs and feet . marg, another ms sufferer, claims she has seen significant health improvements after being on evans' 10 weeks paleo program .
trade was taking place between east asia and the new world in 1492 . this is according to bronze artefacts found at the 'rising whale' site in alaska . archaeologists discovered what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle and a bronze whistle, dating to around a.d. 600 . bronze-working had not been developed at this time in alaska, and researchers instead believe the artefacts were created in china, korea or yakutia .
the eerie phenomenon is called an 'earthflow' and is a rare type of landslide . it is thought to have happened at around 1pm on april 1 in the kemerovo region of russia . snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at the side of a road . it also blocked nearby railroad tracks and caused power outages, but no one was hurt .
maria twomey, 42, from watford, slimmed from 12st 7lb to 8st 7lb . mother-of-four won second place in miami pro modelling comp . discovered she could lift weights and complete sprints on exercise bike .
newcastle lost 2-0 to liverpool at anfield on monday night . john carver insists his side have 'six cup finals' left to play . the magpies are nine points above the relegation zone .
stephen howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend nicole vaisey, from hermon, new york, were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the amish girls . they each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges . the girls, then aged seven and 12, were abducted from their family's farm roadside vegetable stand on august 13 . the girls were shackled to a bed and sexually abused before they were released 24 hours later .
tiger woods will return to the pga tour at the players championship on may 7 . the former world no 1 has played just three tournaments so far this year . yao ming, a 7ft 6in former houston rockets centre, gave woods a lesson .
eason chow, 25, from singapore, believes his droops coffee maker could solve the problem of the rising waste generated from coffee capsules . he found inspiration from sugar-coated sweets dispensed from gumball machines . the pods will cost around £4 for a pack of 20 and the machine will cost around £80 .
blake cronkhite, 5, and jayden secrest, 3, drowned when their child-sized atv plunged into a large pond in northern california . the boys' father, brandon cronkhite, jumped into the water and pulled both children to shore . investigators say the 5-year-old driver lost control of the vehicle and plunged into the water .
princess margaret invited pianist laurie holloway to buckingham palace . the queen mother recorded favourite children's songs for her 90th birthday . the queen mother enjoyed a drink of gin at 11am according to new biography .
martyn uzzell, 51, died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car . north yorkshire county council sent workers to inspect hole a month before tragedy . but it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary . mr uzzell cycled from land's end to john o'groats raising money for cancer support .
a bolt of lightning has been spotted soaring from a cloud in jaibru, australia . the image was captured by an off-duty emergency services officer . he dubbed the phenomenon 'looping lightning' . upwards lightning is possible, but is very rare . storm chaser dan robinson believes 'looped' lighting may be a trick of perspective, based on where a viewer is stood .
ashy bines accidentally advertised the price of one of her courses as $us49,500 - ten times the real $usd4950 price . the gold coast personal trainer apologised to her 'very angry and upset' followers on monday . a spokeswoman for ms bines said spots in the program have sold out . 'i would love to do the program with the email where you pay the real price,' ms bines said .
ap mccoy won the melling chase race at aintree on friday . mccoy's trainer gordon elliott trains cause of causes . elliott has booked paul carberry to ride cause of causes .
inter milan have opened talks with manchester city about stevan jovetic . the serie a club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward . but city are unwilling to let jovetic leave on a temporary basis . jovetic was omitted from the champions league squad earlier this season .
andrew lesnie won an oscar for his work on the first of the fabled "lord of the rings" trilogy . he worked with peter jackson on the remake of "king kong" and "the lovely bones" lesnie also shot "rise of the planet of the apes" (2011), directed by rupert wyatt .
anonymous scientist bionerd visited chernobyl exclusion zone on april 26, 1986 . scaled missile defence towers, ate contaminated apples and ate a fox . says she's exposed herself to more radiation swimming in sea and visiting hospital . says most scared she's felt was getting dangerously close to a rabid fox .
mary kay letourneau and vili fualaau's daughters, audrey, 17, and georgia, 16, sat down for an exclusive interview with barbara walters on 20/20 . letourneau, then a 34-year-old married mother of four, pleaded guilty to child rape for her illicit affair with her sixth-grade student . audrey was born while her mother was out on probation in 1998 . her 16-year-old sister, georgia, was welcomed into the world behind bars
neuroscientists at john hopkins medical school in baltimore identified the area of the brain that is the key to picking up on when someone is being sarcastic . they found people with damage to the right sagittal stratum - a bundle of white matter that lies between the cerebral cortex and subcortical structures in the brain - are unable to detect sarcasm . stroke survivors often suffer damage to this area of their brain and struggle to recognise when family and friends are being sarcastic .
the screw-like shape may actually be the reversed-shape of the creature, which gradually dissolved while the rock formed around it . russian researchers stumbled across the ‘screw’ after searching the kaluga region after an asteroid strike occurred there . they claim the stone is between 300 and 320 million years old and after x-raying it, believe there is another ‘screw’ inside the stone . but more conventional scientists have not got a look at the object, so have had to base their speculation on grainy pictures posted online .
researchers at yahoo labs in california have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to access your device . called bodyprint, the technology turns a touchscreen into a biometric scanner removing the need for specialist hardware such as fingerprint readers or infrared cameras . the salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby . it connects to an app on a user’s android handset or iphone via bluetooth and
shah jahah khan, 62, and ibrahim anderson, 38, both deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation . anderson appeared at westminster magistrates court wearing dark grey islamic dress with a grey cardigan . khan appeared with a long white beard and light blue islamic dress . anderson also denied one charge of possessing information useful for the preparation of or carrying out an act of terrorism .
nicola sturgeon warned ed miliband he won't be able to pass labour budget . miliband tonight ruled out a formal deal with the resurgent nationalists . but a vote-by-vote arrangement remains on the table with labour .
yuhei takashima says he began paying for sex with women in 1988 . he says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women over a quarter of a century .
anand iyer, 36, worked for threadflip, a fashion site in san francisco . he quit his job in january to be a house-husband .
ralph vaughan williams's lark ascending topped classic fm hall of fame . listeners cast more than 200,000 votes to make it their favourite piece . it topped the poll last year and was named the nation's favourite desert island discs tune .
the intruder was arrested after climbing into the grounds of the president's home . the package was examined and 'deemed to be harmless' it is not known what it contained or why the fence was climbed .
nicolas sarkozy, 60, is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of france . he was roundly beaten by socialist rival francois hollande in regional elections on sunday . sarkozy is convinced he can become president again in 2017 .
lucas hinch, 37, who runs an organic herb and tea shop, was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a 'shots fired' call early on . monday . he took the 9mm pistol he'd recently purchased on craigslist out behind organica herb & tea co., which he operates with his girlfriend, and 'fired 8 shots into the computer, effectively disabling it'
aston villa host queens park rangers at villa park on tuesday night . tim sherwood has vowed to give chris ramsey the red-button treatment . ramsey was sherwood's ally at tottenham last season .
steve thompson was suspended by leeds united on thursday . the club took two months to appoint the assistant manager . neil redfearn is considering his position as manager at elland road .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu will get two extra weeks to form a government . he must form his government in less than 42 days, according to israeli law .
gareth bale scored twice as real madrid beat granada 9-1 on sunday . the welsh winger kept up his impressive form during the international break . bale tweeted: ‘unbelievable result this afternoon, great team performance. now for a bbq.’ .
photographer ken hermann visited malik ghat, a wholesale flower market in kolkata, india . his project "flower man" is a series of portraits that cast light upon the people behind the petals .
insurgent actress shailene woodley colouring her lips with roasted beetroot . kate moss submerged her face in cucumber water . blake lively's secret behind her glossy blonde locks comes from her fridge .
the mountain lion, known as p-22, moved away from the los feliz home in the early hours of tuesday morning . he was found in the crawl space of jason and paula archinac's home at midday on monday . welfare officers tried to move him with a tennis ball cannon, but he was not prepared to be moved . the cougar's departure was announced on twitter by the california department of fish and wildlife, which tweeted 'the cougar has left the building'
michael shepard, 35, allegedly molested at least seven children within 18 months of his release from prison . shepard, who has a history of molesting children dating back 20 years, served 15 years in prison for molesting two boys, age six and nine, at a roller rink in 1998 . he allegedly conned parents into letting him babysit their kids and was frequently seen riding around the neighborhood with children on his scooter .
amjad yaaqub, 16, stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home at the camp in the syrian capital damascus . he said isis fighters were looking for his brother, a member of the palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years . ibrahim abdel fatah said he saw severed heads. they killed children in front of their parents. we were terrorised,' he said .
loretta lynch was nominated by president obama to be attorney general . she is the first african-american woman attorney general . her wait for a confirmation vote by the full senate has lasted longer than any attorney general nominee in recent history .
joe root scored 118 not out at stumps on day three of second test . alastair cook scored 76 with jonathan trott (59) at the top . gary ballance's 77 boosted his 165-run partnership with root .
a-listers have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed . femail has pulled together the simple but effective celebrity-favoured styling tips . victoria beckham and rita ora can't get enough of navy and black .
amir khan will fight chris algieri at welterweight on may 30 . the bolton fighter has been linked with fights against kell brook and adrien broner . algieri lost his last bout against manny pacquiao in november .
a singapore high school student is trying to figure out her birthday . the logic problem went viral after it was posted to facebook .
joelison fernandes da silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child . his rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying . but true happiness eventually found him in form of 5ft 21-year-old evem medeiros . 'i wanted to be with her all the time. it didn't matter about her size,' he said .
the four-bedroom property in central london's farm street has an indoor swimming pool, gym, lift, cinema room and roof terrace . one hundred and fifty years ago it was used to house cows for milking on one of london's busiest trading streets . developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion which now sits in its place .
andy murray and kim sears are preparing for their nuptials in dunblane . the wimbledon champion announced he will marry at the cathedral . local shops and shop owners have decorated their shop fronts with bunting .
ea sports' new golf game rory mcilroy pga tour is due out on july 16 . mcilroy replaced tiger woods as the cover star for ea sports pga tour . the game features various gameplay styles and enhanced ball physics .
snorkeler roxy walsh found a sentimental ring snorkeling in bali on tuesday . she launched a social media campaign to find the owner of the jewellery . ms walsh was able to reunite the ring with the rightful owners on sunday . the 34-year-old has also gotten the ring clean ahead of her meet with the langley's on queensland's sunshine coast .
chelsea face shakhtar donetsk in the uefa youth league final on monday . adi viveash's side beat roma 4-0 in friday's semi-final in nyon, switzerland . the final will be played at stade colovray, which is in the shadow of uefa's headquarters in nyon, switzerland .
tv wine expert oz clarke puts to the test the oak bottle . it claims to 'oak age' a bottle of wine in hours rather than years . the £50 gadget is the brainchild of entrepreneur joel paglione .
jamie robbins stole £1,600 from select 'n' save in birmingham in january 2014 . 35-year-old handed himself into police and said: 'please arrest me' robbins jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery . defending said robbins felt he could not cope outside of prison .
michael vaughan criticised england's top order for looking to survive . jonathan trott was out for a duck on his return to the test side . alastair cook was clean bowled by kemar roach for 11 .
andros townsend scored in england's 1-1 draw with italy on tuesday . the tottenham hotspur winger is yet to reach the heights he did in 2011 . roy hodgson has kept faith with townsend and believes he paid back .
in 10 battleground constituencies polled by tory peer lord ashcroft, ukip's vote has fallen in nine of them . support for mr farage's party has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others . revelation comes after a leaked poll revealed mr farage is on course to lose his own parliamentary election battle in ukip's heartland in kent .
mike fregoe of massapequa park built the 9-foot-tall snowman in january . since the beginning of april, the snowman began shrinking . the family started a facebook page asking for 'snownations' to keep it alive .
chinese president xi jinping and indian prime minister narendra modi are two dynamic leaders at the helm of the world's two most populous nations . modi has issued his call to "make in india," encouraging companies all over the world to manufacture their products in india . while china's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth, india is predicted to outpace china as the world's fastest growing economy as soon as this year .
bayern munich lost 3-1 to porto in champions league quarter-final last week . xabi alonso could become only second player to win champions league with three different clubs . alonso won champions league in his first season at liverpool in 2005 .
kim scott posted the poem on saturday, a day after stephanie scott's body was discovered in cocoparra national park . the poem was addressed to 'my dearest stephanie and aaron on your wedding day. this is for you' ms scott was due to marry her long-time partner of five years, aaron leeson woolley, on saturday . vincent stanford, 24, was arrested on suspicion of murder on thursday .
liam plunkett wants to lead england to victory in test series against west indies . the 29-year-old seamer returned to the england fold last summer . plunkett managed 18 wickets in four tests prior to that .
groom's brother fired celebratory round with kalashnikov at wedding reception . as he fires off round, he loses control of rifle and fires at wall by mistake . horrified guests dived for cover as he fired bullets into the air . 30-second clip believed to have been filmed with a mobile phone .
becky schoenig of st. louis, missouri was shocked when her brand new 2015 ford fusion was stolen from her driveway on monday . then, on april 1, schoenig learned that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as hers . as the car pulled up, schoenig noticed that the rims had been spray painted red, there was red detailing on the sides of the car, and her steering wheel now had orange accents . she took to facebook and
sam the german shepherd was filmed at home in pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while sitting on the couch . footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy on the screen .
randy lerner will attend aston villa's fa cup semi-final with liverpool . the american has hardly seen the club play in person in recent years . lerner has been trying to sell the club since last may .
manchester united have been considering a bid for edinson cavani . but the uruguayan striker insists he will stay at paris saint-germain . cavani missed several chances during his side's champions league defeat to barcelona on wednesday .
kellie maloney underwent final sex change operation last week . the 61-year-old was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days . but she was released four days early and faces a further six weeks recuperation . she tweeted: 'i am proud to be the woman i should've always been' .
chris robshaw was caught on camera holidaying in barbados . the england captain has already talked to andrew strauss and lawrence dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in world cup year . robshaw's worst fears were realised earlier this month when he was snapped on a sunshine break .
michael carrick has made nine competitive starts for england . he played against ecuador at the 2006 world cup and was dropped for the quarter-final against portugal . england have won just four competitive matches in which carrick has started .
shanghai, like many large chinese cities, rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads and polluted skies. to register for a license plate auction, prospective car buyers must put down a deposit in exchange for software they can use to bid online. each month there are around 10,000 license plates available.
wesley sneijder launched knife range on 15th anniversary of leeds fans being stabbed to death in istanbul . leeds fans kevin speight and christopher loftus were killed in april 2000 . minute's silence will be held before leeds and blackburn rovers meet at elland road on saturday . sneijder later deleted tweet and apologised as fans reacted angrily .
a new county cricket season is almost upon us . yorkshire will be looking to defend their division one title . kevin pietersen will hope his runs help surrey to promotion from the second tier . here is former surrey and england batsman mark butcher's guide to the championship .
jake castner, 19, from ballarat in victoria, went into hiding last week . a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to an alleged string of thefts . on his fourth day on the run he boasted on the social media site: 'we don't talk to police!' on monday morning victoria police arrested and interviewed castner .
arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 at the emirates on saturday afternoon . goals from hector bellerin, mesut ozil and alexis sanchez put gunners 3-0 ahead . olivier giroud completed the scoreline with a sumptuous strike in injury time .
robert gentile appeared in federal court in connecticut on friday and was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent . his attorney, ryan mcguigan, said the arrest was a ruse to pressure gentile to talk about the $500million art heist from 1990 . mcguigan said fbi agents really want to see what gentile knows about the heist .
liverpool lost 1-0 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley . philippe coutinho opened the scoring for brendan rodgers' side . fabian delph scored villa's second to secure a place in the final .
severe weather warnings were issued by the bureau of meteorology on sunday . climate specialist don white from weatherwatch australia confirmed that severe weather warnings were issued . the storm formed in the worst possible spot, which was just north of newcastle . it then covered 150km south from newcastle to wollongong where a third of australia’s population live . powerful winds on monday night and tuesday morning also brought down scaffolding in edgecliff, in sydney's eastern suburbs .
cancer-killing cocktail of tamoxifen and two coffees found to reduce the risk of tumours returning by 50 per cent in women recovering from the disease . tamoxifen kills off cancer cells or stunts their growth by blocking the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells . study of 1,090 breast cancer patients by british and swedish researchers at lund university, sweden .
shae-lee shackleford, 28, lana kington, 25, and madison lloyd, 27, were interviewed by ellen de generes on tuesday . their original video, 'bohemian carsody' and the follow-up, 'mime through time,' have now garnered a staggering 260 million views across several social media platforms . shackleford revealed that 'be on ellen' was on her diary list of '100 things i want to do before i
'bone flute' found in slovenia was chewed by a hyena in a cave in 1995 . researchers say it is not an instrument - but simply a bone chewed by a hyena . neanderthals may have created and worn the world's first jewellery 130,000 years ago, according to scientists . anthropologists at the university kansas say the talons appear to have been made into symbolic jewellery 80,000 years before modern humans arrived in europe .
effigies to jesus christ were erected in the philippines, belarus and in venezuela . in spain, penitents from 16 christian brotherhoods took part in enthralling marches through the streets of seville . in the philippines, bare-footed men lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips in a divisive tradition thought to stem from 13th century roman catholics .
alex salmond boasted he would write labour's budget because the snp would hold the balance of power . london mayor said it would mean 'truckfuls of taxpayers' dosh growling up the m1 to scotland' the snp has declared it will never support the conservatives in a hung parliament, but is ready to do a deal with labour even if it finishes in second place .
samantha giufre, 19, was dragged along a suburban street in casula, south-west of sydney, on september 7, 2014 . she suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face, along with bleeding on her brain . one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident . police are searching for others they believe were involved .
felix the cat was discovered at jfk airport after being missing for two weeks . he escaped from a damaged crate after a 14-hour flight from abu dhabi to new york . his owners, jennifer stewart, 31, and husband, joseph naaman, 34, launched a desperate search for their beloved pet .
floyd mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world . hagler believes mayweather lacks class and puts people to sleep . hagler was speaking on the 30th anniversary of his fight with thomas hearns .
bubba watson is chasing a third masters title at augusta this week . the reigning champion has won two green jackets but not a popularity contest among his peers . an espn.com survey of 103 tour professionals - 21 of whom were major champions - anonymously answered questions on a wide range of topics . watson got double the number of responses (22.6 per cent) of second-place finisher patrick reed .
argentina centre marcelo bosch has signed a contract extension at saracens . bosch, 31, was the hero of saracens' european champions cup quarter-final victory over racing metro 11 days ago . the deal follows new contracts announced earlier this week for locks george kruis and maro itoje .
eric schmidt shared the head of the table with barack obama when he dined with tech leaders in 2011 . google executives and employees donated more than $1.6 million to obama's two white house campaigns . the online search giant parachuted top talent into both campaigns . there have even been allegations that google's up-close-and-personal relationship with the west wing earned it a reprieve from an antitrust lawsuit .
daniel boykin, 33, was sentenced to six months prison for unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes . he admitted to repeatedly filming the woman inside a bathroom at nashville international airport . at the time of his arrest last year, boykin was found with 92 videos of the victim — 29 taken from the airport bathroom — and 1,527 photographs . investigators found additional images taken inside the woman's home of air vents and shelves in the bathroom, which they believe suggested he intended
biso squeezed into the hole in the wall at the mohamed naguib metro station . he survived thanks to an elderly man named uncle abdo who fed him food . uncle abdo even came to feed biso during the revolution in egypt in 2011 .
izzat ibrahim al-douri was an iraqi military commander and vice chairman of the iraqi revolutionary command council . he was one of saddam's most trusted henchmen, helping to lead his 1968 bloodless coup . al-douri was the king of clubs in the infamous pack of cards the us issued of wanted members of saddam's regime after its collapse .
paul gilbert mocked ed miliband at university hustings in gloucestershire . he joked that he hoped his 'off-piste' comment would not 'find it's way back' he also blasted labour's 'entirely unsatisfactory' tuition fees policy .
italy boasts the highest number of unesco world heritage sites in the world . the basilica of assisi, where st. frances' tomb lies, is badly in need of a restyle .
mario balotelli shared a thermometer reading on social media to prove he was too ill to play against blackburn on wednesday night . brendan rodgers will admit he ignored the warnings about the striker . rodgers had hoped balotelli was maturing as he got older .
the robot stopped moving inside one of the crippled reactors . it was the first time the probe had been used .
manchester city lost 4-2 to manchester united at old trafford on sunday . city are four points clear of united in the race for a champions league place . patrick vieira is in charge of city’s under-21 development squad .
dutch natural scientist antoni van leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig . he took three lice, nestled them among the hairs of his calf . rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg .
sir alex ferguson has picked neymar to challenge lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo for the title of world's best player . the former manchester united boss says there is no standout player capable of rivaling the likes of messi and ronaldo . ferguson says there is no standout player to rival messi or ronaldo .
charlie adam scored a late winner as stoke city came from behind to earn all three points at the britannia stadium . mark hughes believes tom jones's hit delilah is affecting stoke's chances of qualifying for the europa league . stoke boss hughes believes the delilah is affecting their chances of qualifying for the europa league .
the japanese have taken their culinary expertise to a whole new level with their newest cooking series . miniature space demonstrates how to make perfectly formed miniature versions of classic foods . the chef chops, dices, boils and frys various ingredients to create lilliputian culinary masterpieces .
belinda earl won style director role at m&s in september 2012 . she is also behind retailer's £199 suede skirt worn by alexa chung . sales up 0.7% after 14 consecutive quarters of losses .
sunderland host newcastle at the stadium of light on sunday . john o'shea wants a fifth straight derby win over the wear-tyne rivals . the black cats have won the last four meetings against newcastle .
the kazakhstani ministry of defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers and posted their photos online . the pictures show the women in three set poses – in military uniform, with weapons and in civilian clothing . voting began this week and the competition is open until may 10 .
the jacksonville jaguars will have a uk-based fan announce their sixth and seventh draft picks live on tv . the winner will be announced via sky sports in the uk and the nfl network in the united states . it will mark the first time that any part of the nfl draft has taken place outside the united states . last year's draft attracted 45.7million viewers according to figures from the nfl .
italian-inspired mansion in vail valley, colorado, has incredible 360-degree views across the mountains . it took two years, a team of engineers and $1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door . the home is known as 'il podere' - meaning 'family homestead' in the tuscan region .
tabby cat sinbad survived 3,000 mile journey from egypt to herefordshire . staff at mediterranean linens in moreton-on-lugg heard meows coming from container . rspca called out to investigate and found eight-month-old kitten . he was hungry, thirsty and tired but also looked friendly and vocal . sinbad has now gone into quarantine in bristol for four months .
sam cam put her best foot forward on the campaign trail in west london . she looked every inch the groomed and polished loyal conservative wife . mrs cameron respectfully took her shoes off before entering the home of local businessman baljinder hansraas . out popped a pair of startling tootsies, displaying what might just have been a hint of a bunion .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacman will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . where money man vs pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend on what happens that coming night . smokin' joe frazier v muhammad ali was one of the most anticipated events of the 20th century which divided a nation .
the number of passenger vehicle teen drivers involved in u.s. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568, per 100,000 people in the last decade . new safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities . graduated licenses decrease overall crash rate in teen drivers by 20 to 40 per cent .
tipper lewis, 43, from london, has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years . credits the likes of chia seeds, bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health . acai berries have been linked to weight loss and cancer prevention . flax seeds are thought to help lower blood pressure and reduce the risk of heart disease .
waheed ahmed, 21, was held at birmingham airport in the early hours of this morning . he was deported by turkish authorities and flown back to britain last night . ahmed and eight of his relatives - including four children - were arrested . they were stopped on the turkish border with syria on april 1 this year .
bernie ecclestone confirms azerbaijan will stage european grand prix . ecclestone says f1 has conducted due diligence on the former soviet republic . azerbaijan's human rights record has been deteriorating since 2015 .
"monty python and the holy grail" premiered 40 years ago thursday . the movie was a box-office hit, making $5 million -- more than 10 times its budget .
keith macdonald, 29, has sired massive brood with at least ten mothers . he was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but split from mother . macdonald, of sunderland, says he's back on dating market - and baby is not his .
the hot spot, near the four corners intersection of arizona, colorado, new mexico and utah, covers only about 2,500 square miles . produces more than triple the standard ground-based estimate - and researchers say they don't know why .
khim hang is thought to be the youngest designer to ever show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia at just 22 years of age . the brisbane-based designer is heavily influenced by his cambodian heritage and committed to ethical production . his parents' escape from the khmer rouge, leader of the khmer rouge, was the key reason for his commitment .
aaron bee was wanted by lincolnshire police over an alleged domestic violence . the 22-year-old went on the run for two weeks before being arrested in november . he was jailed for eight months but has been released after less than five months behind bars .
the yellowstone supervolcano releases around 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day . a magma chamber beneath the surface is not considered large enough to produce these levels . researchers tracked seismic waves from almost 5,000 earthquakes . they found a secondary chamber deeper underground that's so large its partly-molten rock could fill the grand canyon 11 times over . the chamber contains around 98 per cent hot rock, while the remaining 2 per cent is molten rock and is too deep to directly cause an eruption .
a columbia university student is suing the school for allowing his accuser to publicly brand him a "serial rapist" paul nungesser was cleared of responsibility in emma sulkowicz's 2013 rape claim .
texas health resources filed a response on friday to the march 2 lawsuit by nurse nina pham . pham remains employed at texas health presbyterian hospital dallas but has not returned to work . a man visiting dallas from liberia, thomas eric duncan, died october 8 at the hospital . pham and another nurse caring for duncan contracted ebola but survived .
virgil van dijk was called up to the holland national team last year . the celtic defender has never been capped by his country . van dijk's rivals for guus hiddink's attentions are stefan de vrij, bruno martins indi, jeffrey bruma and joel veltman .
everyone on the tour bus was safely evacuated . michael barnett captured video of the fire and uploaded it to cnn ireport . hillary scott, co-lead singer for the band, posted a photo of the charred bus on instagram .
terence crawford defeated thomas dulorme in the sixth round . crawford is a two-time wbo junior welterweight champion . dulorme is 22-2, having won his last six fights .
charles and camilla finally married a decade ago at windsor guildhall . the couple are spending their anniversary privately at birkhall . birkhall sits on the queen's balmoral estate and was the location for their honeymoon and was also the venue for their first anniversary celebrations .
gary lineker labelled nigel farage a 'd***' during last night's election debate . pundit said mr farage would 'lead it over the bar' and 'blame the foreign goalkeeper' . mr lineker said: 'always reluctant to offer a political view, but farage is a d***!' . footballing stars took to twitter to express their opinions on the leaders .
michael keaton hosted "saturday night live" for the third time this weekend . he paid homage to his roles in "beetlejuice" and "batman"
joanna flynn was arrested on thursday and charged with manslaughter . the 50-year-old was a nurse at georgian bay general hospital in ontario . police also charged her with criminal negligence causing death .
marc tierney fractured his ankle playing against yeovil in september 2013 . the bolton wanderers defender was set for a call up to the republic of ireland squad prior to his injury . tierney joined bolton from norwich in 2010 .
xinhua: strippers are invited to perform at funerals to attract more mourners . in rural china, the hiring of professional mourners, known as "kusangren," is commonplace . china's ministry of culture says stripteases undermine cultural value of entertainment business .
richard iii's skeleton was found under a car park in leicester . it was found to have a distinctive scoliosis of the spine . this deformity caused one of his shoulders to be slightly higher than the other . dr mary ann lund, from the university of leicester's school of english, said armour probably helped to disguise the curve in richard iii's spine .
jurors sent out two questions to be addressed when they return to court wednesday . dzhokhar tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty . prosecutors played a video that showed the scene after a bomb exploded .
jessica edgeington, 33, was pronounced dead at deland municipal airport about 4.10pm on wednesday . she had made over 6,000 jumps and competed in a sport called 'swooping', where divers speed down to land and sweep over buoys . it is unclear what type of dive edgeington was maneuvering, but she appears to have run into a problem in the air . local media reports say she collided with another diver, causing a problem with her parachute .
chase culpepper, 17, who was born male but identifies as female, was told by dmv officials that she had to remove make-up for her license photo last year . after a legal battle, the policy has been changed and miss culpepper was allowed to take a license photo with her makeup . under the terms of the settlement, the state dmv is changing its policy on how male and female license applicants may dress or wear makeup in their official photos . agency employees will also get training on how to handle transgender customers and people who don't identify
amy, 24, unveils summer range full of pastels and feminine florals . full of workwear with a 'fun spring edge', as well as skater dresses . says she works out to keep her curves .
j.b. silverthorn of orchard park, new york, was convicted for his first dui on monday . police say they repeatedly told him to not drive home from grand island town court after they noticed he 'smelled of alcohol' but the suspect reportedly proceeded to get in his car and pull out of the parking lot before being stopped by deputies . silverthorn was charged with felony dui, meaning he could serve a minimum of one year in jail .
ray gricar, 59, went missing in 2005 . he left behind a girlfriend, a successful daughter and a bank account .
zarina diyas and heather watson were the seeded casualties on the first day of main-draw action at the family circle cup in charleston . diyas, the 11th seed from kazakhstan, won the first set against czech qualifier lucie hradecka but was beaten 4-6 6-1 6-3 . watson, seeded 16th, gave up 14 break points and lost her serve seven times .
charles kingham, 86, and partner pauline moore, 68, have been together for 40 years . they bought their home in mablethorpe, lincolnshire, for £35,000 in 1987 . it became a 'living hell' after it was converted into an offender management centre . vandals smashed windows with stones and pelted home with eggs and golf balls . mr kingham said: 'this is misery, absolute misery and nobody wants to do anything'
georgia davis, 22, lifted from her flat in aberdare, south wales, by crane . neighbours said there were 12 fire, police and ambulance vehicles at property . french doors at front of property were reportedly removed to winch her out . it is second time ms davis has had to be rescued in such a way .
uss theodore roosevelt and eight other ships deployed to yemeni coast . cargo ships are suspected of carrying weapons to houthi rebels . saudi-led coalition continues aerial assault on besieged north-african nation . at least 20 killed in attack by coalition of arab countries backed by america .
chelsea's eden hazard and arsenal's santi cazorla are both set to reach a premier league milestone this weekend . both players have been hugely influential since they moved to london in 2012 . here, sportsmail's reporters pick the player they most enjoy seeing in action .
lada's 4x4 niva has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks . it is available in a compact van format (£10,590, excluding vat and road tax) russian president vladimir putin drove a lada niva back in 2009 — but fitted it with a german engine .
paul gregory, 51, claimed exercise left him breathless on 191-mile hike . bedford borough council staff read article recounting his exploits in cumbria . article featured picture of 'experienced walker' dressed in walking gear . gregory was knocked over by cows in cumbria on third day of hike . he was fined £795 and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work .
nicola sturgeon, 44, has been accused of savage violence by her sister . gillian owens claims she shaved heads off sister's barbie dolls as a child . sparked twitter trend with internet users sharing mocking photos of dolls . mrs sturgeon has racked up support across scotland since defeat in referendum .
the clip resembles scenes from a hollywood disaster movie, with cars turning around in the road and driving back in a bid to escape the inferno . at the start visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam is zero, then intense blue flames emerge through the blanket of smoke and ash . wildfires in siberia have been raging since march 19, with the death toll this week climbing to 30 and leaving 500 injured .
west brom are commemorating the launch of the jeff astle foundation . the baggies are wearing a replica of their 1968 fa cup winning kit . astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59 .
joe burgess scored his first super league hat-trick for wigan . the warriors beat wakefield warriors 40-22 at the rapid solicitors stadium . it was wigan's first away win of the season .
everardo custodio, 22, was shot in the legs and lower back in logan square about 11.50pm friday . uber driver pulled out his own gun and shot custodio multiple times . the driver, a 47-year-old man from the little italy neighborhood, will not face charges for his actions .
flight centre founder and brw rich list alumni geoff harris put his port melbourne home up for auction . he splashed out $12 million on his albert park dream home in may last year . the buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer . mr harris is now one of the co-directors of the hugely popular tour group .
cetaphil cleanser is responsible for glowing skin of britain's got talent judge amanda holden and actresses charlize theron and olivia wilde . it is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients . dermatologistsis developed it for people with highly sensitive skin .
the meteor shower, visible around the world but best seen from europe, has been observed for the past 2,700 years . it peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour . the cosmic show will continue on into saturday, so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors .
arkansas gov. asa hutchinson said wednesday that he won't sign a religious freedom bill that his state's legislature sent to him on tuesday . hutchinson's politically liberal son, seth, signed a petition asking his dad to veto the bill . 'i love and respect my father very much, but sometimes we have political disagreements, just as many families do,' hutchinson said .
the ad world's top gunslingers once relied on a single, thoughtfully-composed image . now they rely on multiple media platforms to reach their audience . some of the more comical adverts that were regularly placed in the nation's national newspapers or glossy magazines .
prime minister david cameron used a selfie stick for the first time in cornwall . cameron toured pirate fm during a visit to cornwall to lay out plans . he was presented with a cornish t-shirt emblazoned 'if you can smell my pasty, you're too close'
police raided the lo yen city restaurant in southern tijuana on wednesday . customer called in cops after witnessing staff butchering a dog to be served . the dog was later intended to be served up as pork in next chow mein . in total five arrests were made at the restaurant, including three workers .
the camel may have been left in the town of tulln for trading after the siege of vienna in 1683 . it was male, around seven years old and most likely castrated . along with dna evidence, the shape of the animal's skull indicated it was a hybrid .
bobby zamora scored qpr's third goal with a lob from a narrow angle . charlie austin headed in qpr's second goal on the 35th minute . eduardo vargas scored qpr's third with a 25-yard strike at the hawthorns .
john daniel tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005 . he left nelson on the tasman bay to travel north . on tuesday his brother tobias received a call from john saying he would be visiting .
dr adrian quarterman is working on a laser which converts sun beams into energy . he says the beams will not be as powerful as imagined in star wars . dr quarterman is now hoping to move the trials to portugal . if it works, solar power could even become viable in scotland .
saracens are the solitary representative in the semi-finals . bath, northampton and wasps tumbled out of the champions cup . clermont's 37-5 rout of saints points to a chasm between the english and french leagues .
nbc journalist jeff rossen filmed an airport worker at laguardia airport in new york doing push-ups on the runway after loading up a plane . footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt . rossen later uploaded the 12-second clip of the pro-active employee to social media along with the caption: 'hardest working man at laguardia... from my window'
nuku vanonyi cudjoe-calvocoressi was head of politics at st george's school . he was travelling on richmond to reading train when he pulled up his shorts . he was convicted of indecent exposure at berkshire magistrates' court . banned from teaching for at least five years following hearing in coventry .
the actor bought the aston martin db4 cabriolet in 1962, shortly after winning a best supporting actor oscar for his role as batiatus in spartacus . it was one of the most luxurious cars of its day, costing £4,000 and was delivered to him at a swiss hotel at a time when the average house price in britain was just £2,500 . the car is expected to fetch £1million at bonhams - more than double the £431,200 it sold for four years ago
gulnaz was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with her attacker's child . she was sentenced to two years in prison, later increased to 12 years . only hope of a reduced sentence was to marry asadullah, who is married to her cousin . gulnaz says she didn't want to ruin her daughter's life so married him . she said: 'i didn't want to ruin the life of my daughter or leave myself helpless so i agreed to marry him'
susan pease gadoua says traditional marriages 'set up too many people for failure' couples in a starter marriage agree to be together for 'two, three, four or more years' at the end of the stated contract period, the couple decide whether they want to go their separate ways, or continue with the marriage .
the martinhal beach resort in portugal is renowned as one of the best in the algarve for a luxury family holiday . the resort, which opened in 2010, is set within 25 hectares in the protected costa vicentina natural park . but despite the sun shining for around 300 days of the year here, the water is sharp-intake-of-breath cold .
the first lady joined the so you think you can dance all stars on stage during a choreographed routine . this comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon . on monday, there was a disturbance when bees started buzzing near the children gathered for story-time on the south lawn . this year's theme is #gimmefive which is part of mrs. obama's campaign to try to get young people to be more active and lead healthier lives .
the company says it expects the new 'artisan grilled chicken' to be in its more than 14,300 u.s. stores by the end of next week . the biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates, which it said was used to keep the chicken moist, in favor of vegetable starch . the new recipe also does not use maltodextrin, which mcdonald's said is generally used as a sugar to increase browning or as a carrier for seasoning .
carl jenkinson says jack grealish should follow his heart when choosing ireland or england . aston villa midfielder is on loan at west ham from arsenal until the end of the season . jenkinson has experienced an identical international limbo before .
cathleen hackney, 56, is on trial at stoke-on-trent crown court . she denies making a false representation to procure the burning of human remains . she also denies two counts of signing false certificates ahead of the funeral .
italy has been the first point of entry to europe for tens of thousands of migrants . the calabrese patrols the mediterranean off lampedusa, italy's southernmost territory . the 12-man crew has joined italy's effort to rescue migrants from africa and the middle east .
jack rowe was found face down in family's garden pool in upavon, wiltshire . he had been celebrating his third birthday with family when he fell into pool . coroner ruled death as accidental after hearing how toddler 'never went near' pool, according to relatives . dr clare balysz, assistant coroner for wiltshire and swindon, said she was in 'little doubt' of what had happened .
tito vilanova died aged 45 after a long battle with parotid gland cancer . vilanova was pep guardiola's assistant during a golden spell at barcelona . vilanova worked hard behind the scenes as barca won three la liga titles and two champions league trophies from 2008-12 .
former heavyweight boxer mike tyson lived in an ohio mansion in the 1980s and '90s . in a cnn exclusive, alisyn camerota looked into allegations that bikram yoga creator bikram choudhury sexually assaulted six former students . a shepherd who witnessed the final seconds of germanwings flight 9525, which crashed in the french alps last week .
lyoto machida will take on luke rockhold in new jersey on saturday . machida showed the lengths he would go to make weight by sweating it out . the 36-year-old is a previous light-heavyweight champion .
max is a fully-grown husky corgi cross, but has been abandoned . he has taken refuge at the dogs trust in basildon, essex . he is gentle, intelligent and big-hearted .
toddler suffered horrific facial injuries after the alaskan malamute clamped its jaws around her head at their home in neyland, pembrokeshire . she was playing in the garden when her family heard screams and ran to find their eight-year-old dog 'gripping' the three-year-old . she was airlifted to morriston hospital in swansea 60 miles away and her family are currently at her bedside .
orphaned chimp found cowering in box terrified of animal traffickers . three-year-old had been kept in the box for two weeks after her mother's death . men had been trying to find buyer on lucrative black market in sierra leone . they were caught during joint operation by guinea ministry of environment, gendarmerie and the guinée-application de la loi faunique (galf) project .
great british bake off presenter sue perkins, 45, is taking a break from twitter . she became the bookmakers' favourite to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear . last week, a flurry of bets placed on her propelled her to the top spot . today, fearne cotton tweeted: 'there are some awful and sad humans out there. how pathetic. ps you absolutely rock!'
danny willett vented his anger at a rules official at the masters . the 27-year-old was angry after his second shot from beyond the green trickled across the putting surface . willett was still visibly angry as he left the green after salvaging a bogey .
st helena was discovered by portuguese explorer juan de nova in 1502 . it was a key stopping place for the east india company and other vessels . at its peak it serviced a thousand a year and was the base from which napoleon was exiled after his defeat at waterloo . the island, which is smaller than central paris, has just 4,200 inhabitants - and 850 live in the small capital of jamestown .
sandra mathis, 52, charged with murder after police say she repeatedly plunged a knife into her husband's upper torso . the 48-year-old victim was discovered lying on the ground unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck . mathis and her husband were homeless and living in a makeshift tent camp under a bridge in the barrio logan section of san diego .
jack wilshere is not for sale to manchester city at the end of the season . the england midfielder is a product of the hale end academy . wilshere will sit with his influential father, andy, at the end of the season to discuss whether a move to city would enhance his career . the 23-year-old is on the list of txiki begiristain, city’s director of football .
sportsmail team up with gillette to offer chance to win nike boots signed by joe hart . the winner will also receive a gillette fusion proglide razor and shaving gel . the competition closes on sunday april 19 .
hakeem kuta, 17, died after he fell six stories from the roof of a six-story bronx building on thursday night . police were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby of the building . kuta appeared to have misjudged a ledge while backing away from approaching cops, police said . when officers got to the roof, some teens jumped and ran away, however, kuta and his 14-year-old companion were pinned in by a dividing
edinson cavani visited the zoo after barcelona's 2-0 defeat to psg . the uruguayan has struggled in the shadow of zlatan ibrahimovic . cavani has expressed his desire to stay at the paris club .
robin williams, 63, stuffed collection of watches into sock one day before death . spent final 24 hours frantically looking up drugs online, convinced he had illness . post-mortem revealed he had been suffering from lewy body dementia . pathologist dr richard shepherd says dementia may have triggered paranoia . but he says williams may have been aware of his undetected illness .
tayler chaice buzbee was forced to make an emergency appointment at an aspen dental facility in alabama on friday morning after developing agonizing toothache . but after calling the dentist's office, she was informed that the only available appointment was in just 20 minutes - meaning that she had no time to find a babysitter . instead, she was assured by employees that she could bring her baby to the facility - but midway through the appointment, attley started to create a fuss . hygienists apparently did not
hormone replacement therapy is used to ease the effects of menopause . after going through the menopause a woman's ovaries stop producing the hormone oestrogen . it triggers menopausal symptoms including hot flashes and mood swings . hrt is used to treat the body by introducing female sex hormones . scientists in the us and the uk have both found strong evidence that hrt increases a woman's risk of breast, womb and ovarian cancers .
waheed ahmed, 21, is said to be a member of extremist group hizb ut-tahrir . ahmed was arrested by turkish police at the border town of reyhanli last week . he was one of nine detained, including four children aged from one to 11 .
maticevski show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia went above and beyond to impress guests . front row attendees were given personalised lenovo tablets . but a few went missing when someone with sticky fingers snapped them up .
colleen harris, 73, was found guilty of first-degree murder on wednesday after shooting her third husband while he was sleeping in 2013 . it took the el dorado superior court jury less than two hours to convict her of murder . decades before, in 1985, colleen harris, a placerville land surveyor, shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children, 46-year-old james batten . after pulling the trigger, she claimed she had temporary amnesia and could not remember
manny pacquiao has two platinum albums to his name in the philippines . the congressman has his own sitcom show me da manny . he also has a game show called manny many prizes on the gma network .
ford's £260,000 gt will be unveiled across europe next year . first models have been shipped to china and will be unveiled in milan . ford's design team have created a stunning light sculpture .
kim copeland, 52, was walking home from sainsbury's store in coventry . she threw the used cigarette on the ground before two council officers came 'sprinting' towards her to say she had committed a criminal offence . she was issued with a £50 fixed penalty notice but refused to pay it . after failing to pay, she eventually received a letter ordering her to appear at nuneaton magistrates’ court on march 17 .
brazil's 24 hour drugs market, crackland, is home to addicts from all walks of life . located in the slums of rio de janeiro, crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug . some of whom once held jobs, had loving families and harbored dreams of a better existence - all lost to their addictions .
paul downton was sacked as ecb managing director after a poor world cup . stuart broad admits he was sorry to see downton leave his role . alastair cook is in a really happy place and excited to be back around the group .
jerry hugel, 83, his wife marianne hugel, 80, died along with 70-year-old neighbor gloria greco, 70, and friend walter vondthadden, 76 . robert hugel found the victims, all in their 70s and 80s, just after 3 p.m. at the house in bellerose in floral park, queens . it appears the car was left running in the garage, but it was unclear for how long .
orgasmic meditation involves the light stimulation of a woman's clitoris for 15 minutes without interruption . the aim is not necessarily to orgasm but simply to 'feel' the sensation as intensely as possible . there are currently over 10,000 practitioners worldwide and 2,000 in the uk alone .
stephen hunt, 38, died tackling fire at paul's hair world in manchester . he and colleague got into difficulties and were rushed to hospital . mr hunt, of whitefield, manchester, died after he was pronounced dead . girl, 16, was charged with arson after she discarded a cigarette in 2013 . judge said she was 'guilty only of being careless' and will not stand trial .
rupa huq is standing for ed miliband’s party in a key marginal seat in west london . she said fellow candidates who had turned down the cash were ‘sticking their noses up’ at mr blair . mr blair made £1,000 donations to 106 local campaigns in target seats across the country in march .
rio ferdinand believes that manchester united are at their strongest with wayne rooney in attack . ferdinand praised louis van gaal for moving rooney further up the pitch . the queens park rangers striker also believes that ander herrera, marouane fellaini and michael carrick have returned to fitness .
icm poll had the tories ahead on 34 per cent – down five points from a week ago . labour were down one point on 32 per cent, new populus poll found . lord ashcroft found a tory lead of four points – with the party on 34 per cent .
invitations to the service at st paul's cathedral say it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington's historic victory over napoleon in 1815 . but the move has been criticised by politicians who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree'
rebecca grant, 40, was found walking 'drunk' in and out of traffic in limington, maine, on saturday afternoon . she initially claimed she had been kidnapped and abused, but when she refused to give the name of her captors, police checked her id and found that she was out on bail . grant became violent and attempted to head-butt a deputy sheriff before 'thrusting her head onto the trunk of his cruiser on two occasions' she bit the upholstery, causing $500 worth of damage and
sabeen mahmud was shot at point-blank range after she locked up a cafe in karachi . she had just finished a discussion group on a topic many want silenced . mahmud's exuberant exercise of free speech made her stick out nationwide .
linda thompson, 64, has praised her former husband for being 'a champion for those who share the struggle to just be who they are' she tweeted a message of support just hours before bruce's abc prime time special with diane sawyer is set to air on friday night . it's the first public comment the former beauty queen, who was married to the olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986, has made about his rumored transition from male to female .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in their premier league clash on saturday . marcos rojo and angel di maria travelled to portugal on easter sunday . rojo played the full 90 minutes while di maria came on for the 20th .
in new york, there's a tendency to use the word 'so' for drama, such as 'i'm so totally over this' florida residents can be heard using the phrase 'i ain't never had no trouble with none of 'em' click on a location to see common phrases for a region, as well as its source .
four out of ten britons betting on the grand national make their selection . a surprising 60 per cent said their secret superstition was to have the same family members gathered around the tv every year . a huge 70 per cent of women simply rely on pure chance .
rochelle holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways a week . she also smoked 20 cigarettes a day and was told she was at risk of a stroke . she decided to lose weight and quit smoking once and for all . changed her diet and exercise and is now a size 12 .
thousands of visitors from the uk, australia, new zealand, india and france have gathered to mark the centenary . allied troops landed at a point where asia meets europe, anzac cove, to begin the disastrous dardanelles campaign . turkish isthmus, facing the aegean to the west, the dardanelles straits and the sea of marmara to the east, is a patchwork of monuments and memorial stones linked by country lanes, mountain tracks and undulating greenery .
ciudad real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more than €1billion . it was closed three years later when parent company fell into financial difficulties . judge in charge of its administration at the time ruled that it should be sold .
vicente del bosque fielded an experimental second-string team . juanmi and vitolo became the 55th and 56th players to debut under del bosque . dani carvajal, raul albiol, juan bernat and mario suarez all started .
naomi jacobs, 32, thought she was 15 when she woke up one morning . she had been struck with transient global amnesia, a form of memory loss brought on by stress that had wiped the 'episodic' part of her memory . she thought it was 1992, john major was prime minister and she was about to sit her gcses . but when her son bounded up to her yelling 'mum' she succumbed to 'total shock' .
labour leader's son daniel, 5, inadvertently waded into the row about the kitchen . comment made during an itv interview in which the milibands cook eggs . it is the fourth time the labour leader has wheeled out his children for the cameras . but the move backfires as his eldest son tells the camera the spartan kitchen is the 'best' in the £2.7million home .
life paint is a temporary light reflective spray for cyclists . volvo teamed up with a swedish start-up to make the spray for cyclists . it contains reflective particles designed to react to a car’s headlights . the spray is invisible by daylight but reflects light in the dark . it can be washed off and lasts for days on clothes, helmets and bikes . a trial began in london bike shops on 2 april and 2,000 cans were given away free .
a student at dokuz eylul university in izmir has started a petition for a jedi temple on campus . "there are less and less jedi left on the earth," the petition says .
ugaaso abukar boocow has 68,000 followers on instagram . 27-year-old is trying to change people's perceptions of somalia . her feed features selfies, snaps with friends and photos of beauty spots .
andrew hutchinson raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic . he also assaulted others at john radcliffe hospital oxford between 2011 and 2013 . the 29-year-old was convicted of 23 separate charges last month . he was taken into custody at oxford crown court and is due to be sentenced next week .
wayne rooney and david de gea met sick manchester united supporters . the trio were in attendance on behalf of the manchester united foundation . van gaal was upset that john terry appeared to foul eden hazard .
stacey tipler, 33, used her job to steal £642,000 from royal marsden nhs trust . she spent it on designer shopping sprees, mortgage payments and her wedding . but she and partner scott chaplin were caught and jailed last summer . today, judge anthony leonard qc ordered her to pay back £28,737 .
sheffield wednesday held bournemouth to a 2-2 draw at dean court . chris maguire scored an injury time penalty to salvage a point for the owls . eddie howe said bournemouth have reached their quota for penalties .
'remediation costs' wiped out 61 per cent of profits between 2011 and 2014 . banks earmarked £4.7billion to compensate customers for ppi scandal . another £2.3billion was earmarked by banks including barclays, royal bank of scotland and hsbc to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets .
petra kvitova beat caroline garcia 6-4, 6-4 to reach fed cup final . czech republic have been in four finals in five years .
snp leader nicola sturgeon said ed miliband was 'bullied' by tories . she said labour leader had allowed himself to be 'kicked around' by tories . miliband insisted at weekend he is 'not interested in deals' with the snp .
joel burger, 24, proposed to girlfriend ashley king, 23, paving the way for a burger-king wedding . the pair from new berlin, illinois, have known each other since kindergarten .
bradley dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub in faversham, kent . he borrowed his mobile but returned to his friend's home, claiming he had lost it . as the friend said he was about to go out with his girlfriend, dew pushed him back into a wall before striking him across the face . he then stole £10 from his wallet and was found hiding in a pub toilet . dew was found guilty of robbery and assault by a jury at maidstone crown court .
pekingese marley and mitzy were left to play in the front garden of their home . but they were snatched when owners adele and steven worgan weren't looking . neighbours believe they have caught the suspected thief on cctv footage . the pair owners are offering a £1,000 reward for information leading to their safe return .
the women will be under police surveillance for a year . the u.s. had urged china to free them .
holder says soliciting prostitutes threatens the core mission of the justice department . he doesn't mention specific cases of federal agents and prostitution in his memo .
adam mcburney was not at home when he was targeted on easter sunday . bullets tore through windows of his home in county antrim, northern ireland . mr mcburney is said to have returned to the house following the attack . police are appealing for witnesses and said the incident had 'criminal elements'
nathaniel clyne is stalling over a new contract at southampton . the england right-back's contract expires at the end of the season . manchester united, chelsea and liverpool are interested in the 24-year-old .
photographer john massung was flying over sebastian inlet on thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach . massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended . since he wasn't certain what kind of shark was gathering south of the inlet, massung posted the photos to the indian river by air facebook page to see if any experts could offer some enlightenment .
preserved remains discovered in a box wrapped in rope in peru . cleaners initially feared they had stumbled across a murder victim . but they turned out to be a stolen, 915-year-old peruvian mummy .
ben elton took a swipe at myleene klass over her criticism of mansion tax . eddie izzard, joey essex and sally lindsay also came out in support . elton told 1,000-strong crowd he was 'back with labour' at warrington rally .
the fire began around 11:30 a.m. sunday on tupper street in downtown buffalo . police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes . a buffalo fire department official said the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet into the air . the video then shows the cover flying high into the air as the man yells 'heads-up!' several times .
gavin daly, 16, refers to the attack by his teacher as 'the best day of my life' sparked outrage on twitter, with some calling it 'gross' and others calling it a 'new low' daly tells court affair lasted five 'glorious weeks' and he instigated it to gain extra credit . actor tells court he gave 'thousands of high fives' when classmates found out about affair .
pep guardiola wore a t-shirt demanding justice for jorge 'el topo' lopez . lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident while in sao paulo in july . uefa say guardiola has been disciplined because of an ‘incident of a non-sporting nature’ .
former ole miss star marshall henderson jumped on jarret stoll's arrest . he tweeted: 'lol wassup with your boyfriend' stoll was suspended in 2013 for failing a drugs test . andrews responded by saying: 'he mocking anyone now?' .
the average cost of a property in salcombe, devon, now tops the average cost in london, according to data . the seaside town boasts a skyrocketing average property price of £671,759 . this is more than the average cost of some of the uk's most expensive cities, including oxford, bath and edinburgh .
marcel hirscher filmed the rainbow run at reiteralm near schladming . the 26-year-old skier was the first male skier to win four straight world cup titles . he used coloured powder packed into poles to swerve around the piste .
geordie shore star has lost over two and a half stone in the last year . she has also lost four dress sizes and four dress sizes . some have questioned whether she has taken things too far . charlotte is not the only newcastle resident to have lost weight . her co-stars vicky pattison, 27, holly hagan, 22, and marnie simpson have all lost weight over the past 12 months .
janet street-porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy . the list is getting longer by the day . saggy chins are the bane of b&bs, cafes and hotels .
cameron thomas philp pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property . he was fined $300 but avoided a conviction . mr philp claimed he had no recollection of vandalising the car .
boy, 14, held in blackburn after police raided house in manchester on thursday . girl, 16, arrested after police raided house in longsight on friday . both were bailed until may 28 following investigation into terrorism .
prince harry will spend four weeks with australia's military . he paid his respects at the tomb of the unknown australian soldier .
nine-gram robots were built by mechanical engineers at stanford university . they can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall with ease . another robot - nicknamed  ⁇ tug - weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier . they are so successful they could be used in emergencies, in factories or on construction sites in the future .
ashley young watched brother lewis in action for crawley against oldham . crawley are struggling to avoid relegation from league one . young played 70 minutes in manchester united's 3-1 win over aston villa .
mike and susan fortuna, of shelburne, are accusing allergan of failing to warn of dangers, negligence and breach of the vermont consumer fraud act in treating their daughter, mandy fortuna . in november, a vermont jury awarded a new york family $6.75 million in their lawsuit against allergan . their lawyer said 7-year-old joshua drake developed epilepsy after getting botox injections for his leg spasms caused by cerebral palsy .
raymond allen opened the first kfc franchise in preston, lancashire, in 1965 . he met harland 'the colonel' sanders at a conference in chicago 50 years ago . mr allen, 87, still has a personal hand-written copy of the secret recipe . he said the chain has strayed so far from its original concept it's been 'ruined'
rafael benitez saw napoli beat wolfsburg 4-1 in europa league quarter final . spaniard has won 12 trophies since 2002 with valencia, liverpool, inter milan, chelsea and napoli . manchester city, paris st germain and real madrid are all considering changes .
mr yuan, from changsha, was involved in accident on march 24 . none of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for nine years . women discovered secret after doctors contacted them to tell them he had been injured .
denise and glen higgs, from braunton, devon, had all but lost hope . glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment at the age of 20 . but using frozen sperm, doctors created eight embryos through ivf . the couple had a daughter mazy, born three years ago . denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week .
tatyana chernova failed a drugs test at the 2009 world championships . the russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban . jessica ennis-hill has begun communication with the iaaf .
the adapted seat by sii deutschland beat off competition from 21 finalists to win the passenger comfort hardware award in hamburg, germany . the santo seat aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety . it would be a larger version of the aircraft chairs, meaning a wider passenger could comfortably and safety fit in the chair .
queensland resident roxy walsh recovered the sentimental ring on tuesday . the ring has what appears to be a family crest and a heartwarming message . ms walsh has since been in contact with the owner of the ring . she will be meeting with the pair in noosa on sunday to return it .
robert kennedy jr used the term last week while promoting a film that implies there is a link between thimerosal - a chemical used in vaccines - and autism . following a storm of criticism, he publicly retracted his statement . kennedy said he had been struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children and their families .
the bill for moving the creatures is nearly six times the original estimate . in january and february 2014 residents on the somerset levels were forced to abandon their homes after record rainfall saw rivers burst their banks . environment agency says it has a legal duty to protect the voles .
isidro garcia, 41, will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade . authorities said the daughter of garcia's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from mexico in 2004 . after an argument broke out at the home, the girl said, garcia took her to a neighboring county, where he told her she would be deported and separated from her mother if she contacted authorities 
ruzena tancosova, 34, brother petr tancos, 35, cousin martin tancos, 35, nela dzurkova, 26, and katerina kurejova, 35, are on trial for people trafficking in plymouth . they are accused of trafficking czech immigrants into the uk on the promise of a 'better life' they were made to urinate in buckets and live and eat outside in winter, court heard . they were
alejandro bouvier of uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day . footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path . luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills .
prospect of labour government reliant on snp would create 'greatest uncertainty' morgan stanley said inevitable ‘anti-austerity’ agenda could lead to hike . goldman sachs also raised concerns about same outcome on may 7 .
historians have long believed julius caesar collapsed at the battle of thapsus in 46bc and had to be carried to safety . new research suggests the roman general may in fact have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state . imperial college london came to the conclusion after taking a new look at caesar's symptoms described in greek and roman documents .
daniel ricciardo has called for red bull to go back to basics . red bull have struggled at the start of this year . australian finished third in practice ahead of this weekend's grand prix .
city officials are trying to determine what caused bricks to fall nine stories from the facade of a vacant building in downtown cleveland, crushing a minivan that was parked below . cleveland fire officials say bricks along the top of the former national city bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p.m. monday but no one was injured . the building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of the collapse, and no injuries were reported .
miami dolphins defensive tackle aj francis has sent an application to uber . nfl player says 'it would be a cool way to get some extra cash' he plans to work for the taxi app during the sport's off-season .
west indies finished on 98 for two, still 340 short of recreating antiguan test history . chris jordan took two wickets on day four of first test for england . gary ballance scored fourth test century in ninth match for england .
vijay chokal-ingam claims he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man . his sister, vera mindy chokalingam, of the mindy project and is everyone hanging out without me?, strongly disapproves of his book . chokal-ingam says he felt he had to change his appearance to get into the st. louis university school of medicine .
oil painting was kept in attic for years and thought to be worth just £300 . but after advertising sale, interest in the work took off and it sold for £120,000 . painting of a catholic saint was believed to be work of renaissance master el greco . but the selling price suggests it may have been done by the artist himself .
simon wood, 38, battled it out against emma spitzer and tony rodd . they were challenged to cook three-course meal in three hours . final follows seven weeks of tough challenges, including 'chef's table' .
35-year old laura eugenia smith faces multiple charges, including dui, child endangerment and public intoxication . witness josh staten followed the vehicle into an auto parts store parking lot . staten used his truck to block the exit so that smith could not leave while he called police . smith then got out of her car and started to spray him with pepper spray .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 . the american is expected to get £120million for the fight . mayweather posted a video on instagram showing off the new sports car . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
betty whitehead willis designed the iconic "welcome to fabulous las vegas" sign . she visited the neon museum in 2013 to celebrate her 90th birthday . today it can be found on everything from t-shirts to refrigerator magnets .
alexander meier will have surgery on his patellar tendon on tuesday . the eintracht frankfurt striker tops the bundesliga with 19 goals . bayern munich duo arjen robben and robert lewandowski are also out .
kathmandu is a unesco world heritage site because of its unique architecture . but several of the most recognisable buildings in the city, including towers and temples, now lie in rubble . more than 2,500 people died in the quake as buildings collapsed raining down debris on the streets below .
danny lennon has officially left his role as interim scotland under 21 coach . the former st mirren boss looks set to take over at alloa athletic . paddy connolly has been in temporary charge of the wasps since march 7 .
robert clark is one of britain's oldest surviving prisoners of war . he has been living in his own home in burnt oak, north london, for 50 years . brent council said he would have to be moved into a local care home . armed forces charity help for heroes launched fund-raising drive . in just four days the total amount of donations has reached £10,000 .
southampton host tottenham in the premier league on saturday . steven davis believes saints have an advantage over spurs . the northern irishman is one of many players to have worked under pochettino .
australia hooker nathan charles has been diagnosed with cystic fibrosis . the life-threatening illness affects the lungs, pancreas, liver, kidneys and intestines . charles took part in a promotional video as part of nutri grain's #unstoppable campaign . the 26-year-old has earned four international caps for the wallabies .
the classic steam engines took to the tracks of the north yorkshire moors railway today, hauling passengers between pickering and whitby . train enthusiasts will be able to make the most of the beautiful moors scenery on board seven preserved engines form the golden age of steam and pistons . the north yorkshire moors railway was amongst 5,000 miles of track and 2,300 stations closed by dr richard beeching .
the ecb are to spread the net far wider than expected in their search for the director of cricket to replace the axed paul downton . england manager roy hodgson is keeping in with his boss, fa chairman greg dyke, by launching roses 2015 . alec stewart admitted he has had no contact with the ecb over the role .
youtube user joe penna and animator jeff schweikart solved 1,296 mini rubik's cubes 961 times to create a short animated video . the video features a robot building a spaceship, heading off into the atmosphere and meeting the love of his life . penna took between three and four weeks to complete the project .
joanne bolton was repeatedly knifed in the head by her violent boyfriend steven young . the mother-of-three thought she was going to die during the seven hour ordeal . she asked him to put her to bed so she didn't die on the floor, she said . young was jailed for 18 years after admitting attempted murder .
landmark developments ltd tore down derelict property in bath city centre . replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats - but residents complained . developer has committed a 'breach of planning control' and ordered building to be bulldozed .
posters featuring bikini-clad model renee somerfield are being removed . the 24-year-old's toned figure has caused a stir among feminists and campaigners . a change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has already attracted 50,000 signatures .
paul mason, 54, from ipswich, suffolk, weighed 70st at his heaviest . he managed to shed 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010 . but the nhs have refused to give him an operation to remove 7st of skin . the former postman is now preparing to undergo an operation in the u.s.
"we shut down not out of fear, but for solidarity," co-owner says . "there was some fear, but it was really mixed in with an overwhelming sense that everyone here needs help"
tanya heath paris has launched hundreds of interchangeable heel varieties . each shoe has a button in the centre of the heel that locks into place . at the press of a button, the heel can be released and slid out of place .
fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple's recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries . these include an ios battery life software engineer and an ios software power systems engineer . apple said its all-day battery life is based on 18 hours of use . this includes 90 time checks, 90 notifications, 45 minutes of app use, and a 30-minute workout with music .
"i can't think of a case that more urgently dramatizes the need for reform," attorney says . anthony ray hinton, 58, was convicted of murder in the 1985 killings of two restaurants . a judge had ordered his release after granting the state's motion to dismiss charges .
hannah bluck, 18, from porthcawl, south wales, has avascular necrosis . the condition is bone death due to poor blood supply . it has caused her weight-bearing shin bone to die from lack of oxygen . she has played for wales youth national teams at u19, u17 and u16 level .
the planetary society says nasa can afford a crewed mission to orbit the martian moon phobos in 2033 . this would lead to a crewed landing on the red planet in 2039 . the current plan would use an orion spacecraft to move crewmembers from earth into orbit and back down .
seven women and five men who voted to find the 25-year-old guilty of murder say it was a heart-wrenching decision, but one they made in confidence . on thursday, the jury and alternate jurors say down with cnn's anderson cooper to talk about the trial that has consumed their lives for the past three months .
roxy walsh found a gold ring snorkeling at finn's beach in bali . the ring was engraved with the words "darling joe, happy 70th birthday 2009"
jurgen klopp will officially step down as borussia dortmund manager on june 30 . klopp has enjoyed seven successful years in charge at the westfalenstadion . klopp has denied taking a year-long sabbatical because of exhaustion .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 3-1 in champions league quarter-final . mario mandzukic complained he was elbowed after clash with sergio ramos . daniel carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards mandzukic's arm . referee was not looking at the incident at the vicente calderon .
japan will put an unmanned rover on the moon by 2018 . the move could be seen as japan's attempt to play catchup to neighbors china and india .
ba van nguyen piloted a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of saigon on april 30, 1975 . nguyen managed to get out of his flight suit and jump into the south china sea as his family jumped out safely . the family was eventually saved by the uss kirk .
jack butland has voted for harry kane to win pfa young player of the year . stoke goalkeeper kane is bidding to be the first england captain to lift the european under 21 championship since dave sexton's team won the trophy in 1984 . butland joined gareth southgate and michael owen at st george's park .
developers in boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its one-touch-911 app . users can call the police, fire service, report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a button . each of the four buttons on the app trigger a standard call to nearby dispatchers . each call is placed with the phone's gps location, user details and any pre-entered medical information attached . if the user doesn't have signal on their network, the app lets them 'roam' onto another network to connect the call .
researchers say 75% of extreme hot weather and 18% of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming as a result of man-made emissions . they warn as climate change pushes global temperatures higher, humans will be responsible for 40% of extreme rainfall events . temperatures across the world averaged 0.8°c (1.4°f) above 20th century averages - making 2014 the warmest year in records dating back 134 years .
the horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in chongqing extends 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff, allowing visitors to feel like they are walking on air . it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world, beating arizona’s grand canyon skywalk by 16.4ft . located in the longgang national geological park in south-west china, the bridge has been named yuanduan, meaning ‘at the end of the clouds’ .
neil tuckett, 58, from buckinghamshire, only sells henry ford's model t . newest models are nearly 90 years old but he is selling one every week . tv and film industry have used then in shows such as downton abbey . mr tuckett discovered his passion for the model when he got call from his great uncle, john brazil, asking him to accompany him on the london to brighton commercial run .
steve esmond and his wife, dr theresa devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at a resort on the island of st. john . the family was staying in the second floor of a unit whose first floor was sprayed with the pesticide to eradicate an indoor beetle that eats wood . the epa banned the chemical for residential use in 1984, primarily for health concerns .
justin whittington, 23, of bakersfield, california was taken into custody on thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment . the relationship between the toddler and whittington has not yet been revealed by police . vest market owner harry dindral said the man was the boy's father and said that he's seen them in the store together before .
khadijah dare's mother victoria has issued a plea for her to return home . mrs dare revealed her daughter was an equally devout christian as a child . but the 22-year-old turned to islam while at college in lewisham, london . dare is notorious for threatening to be the first woman to behead a westerner .
bodycam footage shows donald allen, 66, pointing a loaded, 22-caliber pistol at officer brian barnett, 25 on april 11 . the camera was malfunctioning and it was thought the video was lost . it was forensically recovered, but the audio from the bodycam was not .
gizzi erskine, 35, poses with pet cat kimchi in puss puss magazine . lavish feast included bowls brimming with caviar and salmon roe . tv chef admits kimchi loves crunchy 'human food' and taramasalata .
sir david nicholson was branded the 'man with no shame' over mid staffs scandal . he retired in april last year with a pension pot worth almost £2 million . labour has promised just £2.5billion in extra funding by 2020 .
robert downey jnr was on good form when the line of questioning got personal . channel 4 news anchor krishnan guru-murthy asked about his history of drug abuse and time in prison . downey jnr, 50, was furious and left visibly embarrassed .
biggest pension reforms in a century have been met with confusion . customers as young as 23 try to cash in retirement savings . pension firms said britons remained baffled about how changes worked . over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of pension pots . but they are now forced to buy a regular pension income for life .
frances bean cobain has revealed she's not really into kurt cobain: montage of heck . she's the daughter of the once ultimate rock power couple, courtney love and kurt cobain, so it's no surprise that she's evolved into a rock chick with very expensive taste . instead of wearing converse like many young girls of her age might do, frances turned to the grungiest high fashion designer of all, saint laurent, when it came to choosing a pair of boots .
rangers lost 3-0 to queen of the south on thursday night . stuart mccall has warned bilel mohsni about his discipline . rangers host raith on sunday in the premiership .
jean nidetch officially launched weight watchers in 1963 . she took the company public five years later .
fourth sandstorm to hit china this year as authorities struggle to deal with the natural hazards . red sand swept across the northern part of the country bringing strong winds and floating sand to the regions of xinjiang, inner mongolia, gansu, ningxia and shaanxi .
passport office made a £42 million profit during the chaos last summer . passport agency made up to £3,500 in bonuses during the chaos . but ministers refused to give blanket refund to those left out of pocket . keith vaz said he was 'astonished' just 2,191 compensation applications were approved between april last year and january this year .
ukip leader calls on conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win . dropped demand that the tories ditch cameron before any post election deal .
video shows cher lair from apex, north carolina, cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around . she did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker . as she lifts up a slice of pink sponge, she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement .
shelby the dog got stuck in a pool by the great salt lake's spiral jetty . with no cell phone reception to call for help, owner tom george had to drive an hour out to the nearest town . a family was willing to stay with shelby and only more and more strangers followed as they heard his story .
tim ward and wife brandy were killed in mudslide in oso, washington . he broke pelvis and was buried under 25 feet of mud, but called for help . a week later, he was told he did not have 'landslide insurance' and therefore did not qualify for payment to settle his mortgage . but last week, chase bank said an anonymous donor had paid the lot . tim said: 'there are still good samaritans out there. this is life-changing'
dr oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at columbia . the harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at columbia in 1993 . doctors accused dr oz of pushing 'miracle' weight-loss supplements .
edinson cavani's agent has talked up a potential switch to manchester united . claudio anelucci says a move to england or premier league is a possibility . united are monitoring the uruguay striker's situation at paris saint-germain . cavani was furious about being taken off against marseille at the weekend .
eleven football fans have had their death sentences upheld after retrial . riot erupted in february 2012 when supporters of home team al-masry and cairo's al-ahly clashed after an egyptian league match . appeals court ordered retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting lower court's verdict, which sentenced 21 people to death . clashes in port said stadium sparked days of violent protests in cairo, which led to another 16 deaths .
ukip insists st george would have been welcomed to britain because of his skills as a dragon slayer . party announced today it would make st george's day a bank holiday in england . economic spokesman patrick o'flynn faced questions on whether st george would have been welcomed by a 3rd-century ukip .
tom richards, 25, was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of swansea . the cage fighter was bailed at 7pm as police continue their investigation . it comes after danniella westbrook, 41, accused her former boyfriend of violence . the pair split in november last year after spending months together in california while westbrook tried to rid herself of drugs .
students at wellington college, berkshire, spent last year studying a different book . only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions . blunder believed to have occurred when teacher changed text on spreadsheet .
brittany lyn hilbert of orlando, florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old . the 67-year-old man called the police and told them that hilbert slapped him in the face twice, knocking out a contact lens . hilbert claims that her much older lover 'body bumped' her during the argument .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran will find out if their legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed on monday . a jakarta court is due to decide whether the pair’s lawyers can challenge indonesian president joko widodo’s decision to deny the two australians clemency . the unusual appeal is likely the pair's last legal avenue to save them from the firing squad for their part in the 2005 bali nine heroin smuggling bid .
mick tabone, 74, and gregory the crocodile shared a friendship for 20 years . mr tabone would sit on the 5.2 metre reptile's back while he chatted to him . gregory had apparently been killing cattle in a swamp near mirriwinni, south of cairns, for years . mr tabone set up traps for the croc in a last bid to save him after a warrant was issued to kill the croc .
african elephant troublesome has been a regular visitor to etali safari lodge . he has become a regular visitor to the splash pools over the past four years . resort staff have taken action to keep troublesome from emptying the pools .
the secret service is facing yet another scandal . a female employee accused xavier morales of assault after he made sexual advances at her . morales was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance was suspended .
giuliana rancic and jerry o'connell were pictured together at the maxim hot 100 party in las vegas in june 2004 . rebecca romijn was all alone at the event as she had just announced her separation from actor john stamos two months prior . giuliana revealed that jerry was 'talking up rebecca as a prelude to feeling up rebecca' .
researchers at the university of washington studied the telerobot raven ii . they found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to . this is because they are operated over public networks . this allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working . but there are still questions over security and privacy, they said .
sonit awal was buried in the rubble of his home in bhaktapur, nepal, on saturday, april 25 . his father had lost all hope of finding him alive until he heard faint cries from below . on sunday, the soldiers returned and lifted sonit clear of the fallen rocks, beams, bricks and dust .
terri hernandez, the mother of convicted murderer aaron hernandez, is opening up about the unlikely bond she shared with ursula lloyd during her son's murder trial . hernandez says she smiled at lloyd after the verdict and even thought about her when the jury came back with their first degree murder conviction . lloyd refused to comment on hernandez's interview, saying she no longer wished to speak about her son's murder .
patrice evra says sir alex ferguson told him he would be a great coach . the former manchester united defender left on a free transfer in 2014 . evra says he has already taken some of his coaching badges .
marouane fellaini has been in brilliant form for manchester united . chelsea travel to stamford bridge to face the blues on saturday . thibaut courtois believes his side will be able to combat the midfielder .
mailonline travel spoke to experts to debunk some of the myths that exist . starting a plane is ‘a little more complicated’ than starting a car, said captain piers applegarth . flight attendants eat the same meals that are provided to passengers if the airline bothers to feed them at all .
over the past five years, passengers have left behind more than $2.7 million in quarters and dimes . the funds collected by the tsa appear to be increasing every year . the sum was $107,000 more than what passengers left behind in 2012, and more than $150,000 than 2011 . according to federal law, if no one comes back to claim the money the tsa are allowed to keep it .
ralph cramer, 70, and his wife, lynn, 59, were returning home from the creekside café in mount joy at about 9 p.m. on sunday . first responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash . the vehicle left the road, flipped over and landed upside-down in a ditch .
trussell trust admitted in a climbdown that 'these are not all unique users' it emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million – and possibly lower still . labour party and tuc seized on the figure, with shadow work and pensions secretary rachel reeves describing it as 'shocking'
iron age fort found on top of dunnicaer sea stack near stonehaven, aberdeenshire . fort would have been cut off from the land at high tide . it was built with stone imported from elsewhere in the country . stone walls were also engraved with pictish designs of fish and disks .
a grand jury indicts nine members of a kentucky bourbon syndicate . the alleged ringleader is gilbert "toby" curtsinger, a distillery worker . he and his wife face eight charges for allegedly engaging in organized crime .
gary dahl died march 23 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . his rocks formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975 . mr dahl estimated he had sold 1.5million of them at roughly $4 each by the time the fad fizzled only a few months after it hit the market .
biologists at the hebrew university of jerusalem in israel recorded a video of octopuses as they negotiated obstacles . they found that the orientation of the creature's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain . male octopuses have a long, detachable penis in order to mate with females that are five times bigger than itself . when a female swims by, the male sends his penis off to swim to the female and mate with her . females can mate
mats hummels has admitted he is considering leaving borussia dortmund . the 26-year-old has consistently been linked with a big-money move . manchester united were reportedly willing to offer up to £30million for his services .
paula radcliffe will run the london marathon for the first time on sunday . the 41-year-old has won the race three times, including in 2003 . she will be presented with the inaugural john disley lifetime achievement award .
two 'unemployed rich kids' caused a major traffic accident in beijing . a green lamborghini was written off and a red ferrari was wrecked . both drivers have been charged with dangerous driving and detained .
joseph oberhansley, 34, admitted to killing tammy jo blanton, 46, then cooking and eating some of her organs last september . he was convicted of manslaughter in 1998 for killing his then-girlfriend, 17-year-old sabrina elder, days after the birth of their son . prosecutors say they will recommend the death penalty .
command staff members of the indianapolis metropolitan police department will wear white uniform shirts . the new color will be worn by majors, district commanders, deputy chiefs, assistant chiefs and the chief of police .
dangelo conner, from new york, filmed himself messing around with the powerful weapon in a friend's apartment . he first waved it around, then sent volts through a coke can . but his antics all went horribly wrong when he electrocuted a bracelet he was holding, sending the current through his hand and into his body .
indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment to its already-in-effect law clarifying that no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone at any time' the arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes after the state's republican governor asa hutchinson rejected its bill at the last minute on wednesday . the moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals, however, and incited massive protests .
pink top, £125, lkbennett.com . sandals, £38, office.co.uk . ray-ban sunglasses, £135, amazon.co.uk .
stephen curry broke his own nba record for most 3-pointers in a season . golden state warriors beat portland trail blazers 116-105 on thursday . pau gasol had 16 points and 15 rebounds as chicago bulls beat miami heat 89-78 .
brenda finn, 30, lost her hair and fingernails at the age of 14 due to alopecia . she suffered from crippling anxiety and depression due to hair loss . she says having eyebrows tattooed on has given her the confidence to face the world again .
the bill would prevent adolescents from smoking, buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes . governor david ige hasn't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues . the bill includes a $10 fine for first-time offenders and subsequent violations would lead to a $50 fine or mandatory community service .
anonymous donor pledged £1.5million to bath abbey's restoration fund . he sent the money along with a note saying they wanted to safeguard the building . the abbey has been granted £10.4million of heritage lottery funding . but only if they can raise the remaining £7.1million by the end of the year .
illume arclighter creates a ‘super high-intensity’ electrical arc . it doesn’t need to be refilled with fuel but is instead powered by a rechargeable lithium-ion battery so users will never run out of fuel again . inventors, based in edmonton, canada, are raising money to put the lighter into production on kickstarter and have almost doubled their goal .
pippa middleton was seen enjoying an early evening run in a london park . the duchess of cambridge’s younger sister wore pink and grey trainers . new balance will contribute 5% of the retail price of sales of these 'lace up for the cure' collection sneakers supporting breast cancer awareness .
arsenal lost 3-2 to middlesbrough at the riverside stadium on monday night . goalkeeper deyan iliev was sent off after failing to clear harry chapman . emmanuel ledesma converted the resulting penalty past matt macey . alex iwobi then equalised for arsenal, netting his sixth goal in four games .
the 38-year-old scottish comedian uploaded the seven-second clip . during clip, limmy keeps a manic grin on his face as the spider walks out . the three-inch house spider appears to be unharmed by its ordeal in his mouth .
hiv and hepatitis c infections among drug users have spiked in recent years . syringe services programs have been effective in reducing reuse of dirty syringes . programs also promote public health and safety by taking syringes off the streets .
obama said likely republican presidential candidate scott walker may change his 'foolish' position on a deal with iran 'after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy' walker fired back at obama on twitter, saying, 'americans would be better served by a president who spent more time working with governors & congress rather than attacking them' walker is prohibited by the constitution from seeking another term .
newcastle united have lost five on the spin and scored just once in eight hours . jack colback says the fans deserve more than they get at the moment . the midfielder was part of a shift against liverpool on monday .
sepsis, previously known as septicaemia, affects 100,000 britons a year . it kills 37,000 - more than breast, bowel and prostate cancer combined . on one surgical ward at a leading teaching hospital, 90% of patients failed to get the correct treatment involving sepsis six .
kim ki-jong, 55, was also indicted wednesday on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction . on monday, the recovering diplomat, mark lippert, was pictured out on the streets of seoul flanked by five bodyguards . his left hand is still in a cast from the attack . south korean law requires the trial to start within 14 days, and there is a possibility that it could start as early as next week .
will stevens is hoping to compete in the chinese grand prix this weekend . the manor driver missed qualifying and qualifying due to a fuel system issue . stevens is yet to compete in qualifying or the race for his new team .
ronen ziv's baby is due this week in nepal from a surrogate mother . nepal is a popular spot for israeli couples to have surrogate children .
police exhumed the boy's body from his grave in norfolk last year . a dna sample led them to his mother, who was arrested on suspicion of infanticide but the charge was dropped . she explained how the baby had been stillborn and that she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends .
oscar-nominated carey mulligan says dementia affects 850,000 in the uk . she watched her grandmother margaret booth develop memory problems . mrs booth hasn't recognised her for at least five years, she says . mulligan says there is a 'shame or humour' attached to the illness .
michael duff is preparing to face tottenham at turf moor on sunday . the burnley veteran defender has played in eight different divisions . duff will be tasked with stopping spurs sensation harry kane .
stephanie scott, 26, was found dead in cocoparra national park on friday . police believe she was murdered just days before she was due to marry her fiancé aaron leeson-woolley . ms scott's sister kim scott asked people at a memorial picnic to 'wear yellow' in ms scott's memory . hundreds of women around the country hung up their yellow wedding dresses under the hashtag #wearatouchofyellow .
dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near round rock, texas . as they beep their horns the animal, named big boy, continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road . despite the detour, the buffalo made it home safely free of injury .
carlsberg city is a new neighborhood in copenhagen, danish capital . the area has been home to the famous carlsberg brewery since 1847 . prices range from just below copenhagen's average $5,000 per square meter to about $12,000 .
borussia dortmund beat hoffenheim 3-2 in the german cup quarter-finals . sebastian kehl scored a spectacular long-distance volley in extra time . ricardo rodriguez scored a second-half penalty to allow wolfsburg to advance with a 1-0 victory over freiburg .
greville janner, 86, was mp for leicester west from 1970 to 1997 . he qualified as barrister in 1954 and became qc in 1971 . he has fought for return of jewish assets held in swiss banks by nazis . detectives have interviewed more than 20 men who claim they were abused by janner in their youth .
wayne rooney tells juan mata england can win euro 2016 in france . rooney's england tally is only two behind sir bobby charlton's record of 49 . rooney and mata will look to continue united's form against aston villa .
brandy savelle and tony gervasi had caesar as a pet for about two years . he wandered off from their home in ispheming, michigan on the weekend . the family tried to find him, and followed his tracks in the soft grass . a day later, a natural resources officer showed up at the home . he said caesar 'came out of the woods at me running at a trotting pace' . the officer maintained he believed the animal was feral .
labour will launch billboard using image from famous 1979 'labour isn't working' poster . but instead it will warn: 'the doctor can't see you now' tories claim problems stemmed from labour’s 2004 changes to gp contracts .
jayson mcdonald was found hiding under a bed in amsterdam in the netherlands . paul monk was captured at his luxury villa in alicante on the spanish coast . they were arrested as part of operation captura, a drive launched in 2006 . mcdonald is wanted on suspicion of conspiracies to import and supply heroin .
pennyhill park has a 45,000sq ft spa, 21 treatment rooms and eight swimming pools . daniel craig, nicole kidman, cameron diaz, justin timberlake, michael douglas, lewis hamilton and russell crowe are regulars . the england rugby team had pennyhill park as their training base for the rugby world cup .
mary cowan, 92, left a share of her estate to george watson's college in edinburgh . she asked for a bursary scheme to be set up at the school where sir chris hoy and rugby legend gavin hastings were taught . ms cowan, of edinburgh, passed away in november last year .
crash occurred at moorabin airport, near melbourne, shortly before noon on saturday . it is believed one of the planes issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane . both pilots involved in the crash were students .
jockey blake shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in sydney . the elastic in his pants gave way, exposing his backside to punters . acting chief steward greg rudolph said he had never seen anything like it in his time in racing . unfortunately for the champion jockey, he wasn't able to win the race .
the 31-year-old london flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants . doctors in the uk started turning him away, so he began jet setting to other countries for cosmetic surgery . he even approached botched doctors dr terry dubrow and dr paul nassif about getting back implants on last season's show, who ultimately said no to his request .
davion navar henry, 16, lived his entire life in foster care . he asked a florida church to help him find a home . a video of his plea went viral .
marie teresa ratcliffe accepted 77 misconduct charges against her . the midwife refused to defend herself at a fitness to practise hearing . ms ratcliffe accepted her conduct 'contributed to the death' of two babies . she worked at the scandal-hit furness general hospital in cumbria . joshua titcombe died at just nine days old at the scandal-hit hospital .
atletico madrid and real madrid played out a goalless draw in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final showdown on tuesday . jan oblak made a big save to deny gareth bale in the early minutes . diego godin kept a clean sheet to keep atletico at bay .
george north suffered his third concussion in four months against wasps . north suffered a collision with wasps back-row nathan hughes' knee . the wales wing has been ordered to take at least one month off .
clare goldwin admits that she sometimes forks out for boden's brightly printed clothes for her seven-year-old daughter but not herself . boden made a success of its appeal to the ‘sloane’ market for many years . but recently, the company has experienced more challenging times . profits plummeted 42 per cent in 2011 and, while they rose again in 2012, they remained flat for 2013 . now, boden seems to have finally cracked it, and the fashion world is raving about their latest collections .
james best played sheriff rosco p. coltrane on "the dukes of hazzard" best died in hospice in hickory, north carolina, of complications from pneumonia .
paula dunican, 49, bought the coat from asda in canterbury, kent . when she took it home she noticed a stain 'seeping through' from its lining . inside, a four inch-long gecko was flattened, its scales imprinted onto the fabric . asda apologised and offered her a refund and £40 voucher .
bayern munich restored their lead at the top of the bundesliga to 10 points . xabi alonso fell over during 'rondo' training drill . pep guardiola's players have warmed to his one touch football routine .
liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal at the emirates on saturday afternoon . brendan rodgers admitted his side are unlikely to reach the top four . the reds boss also admitted mario balotelli was not in the squad .
the cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother . but when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass . eventually he fell over and landed - trunk first - down in the mud .
jay dasilva, 17, is earmarked first team potential at chelsea . jose mourinho will promote ruben loftus-cheek next season . leighton baines, kieran gibbs and luke shaw are among the youngsters .
ayatollah hossein dehnavi is a celebrity preacher in his native iran . preaches that thinking about another woman while having sex is not a sin . but if she becomes pregnant as a result the child will be gay . also warns that incorrectly wearing the hijab could cause homosexuality .
colonel muammar gaddafi's bab al-aziziya palace in tripoli was hit in a 1986 us air strike before being pounded by nato four years ago . gaddafi ruled for almost 42 years after he took control in a coup d'etat in 1969 . he was hounded out of tripoli following an uprising as part of the arab spring in 2011 and ensuing civil war .
many clouds won the 2015 crabbie's grand national at aintree on saturday . trainer oliver sherwood had previously saddled four national runners . none had even completed the course prior to his eight-year-old’s hard-fought defeat of the gallant saint aire .
virgin atlantic dreamliner 787s will have a #skyhighselfie feature for free . passengers will be able to check in and share their location and photos . mood lighting, full length toilets and darkened windows will also be available .
manhattan-based skin laundry's popular laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion . but to get the treatment, clients must sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner . the clinic has even had to extend its hours in order to accommodate all of its bookings .
obama aides katie fallon and jen psaki are expecting their first babies in may and july of this year . psaki, a communications director at the state department, says the white house knew she was pregnant when she was being considered for the communications director job . mr obama called psaki personally and assured her that maternity leave would not be an issue .
newcastle lost 2-0 to liverpool at anfield on monday night . ayoze perez was brought down by dejan lovren in the 38th minute . sky sports pundit gary neville said it was a 'stonewall penalty' .
russian hiker was struck by a falling icicle which caused a blood clot . the clot caused a huge swelling and bruising, leaving him unable to walk . he decided to perform surgery on himself while lying in the snow . using snow as an anaesthetic, and rubs it on his leg to numb the injury . then, he burns a scalpel on a gas torch in order to make it sterile .
the incident occurred at ben gurion international airport in israel . video shows the moment six passengers escaped from the stricken jet . it is unknown how or why the fire broke out on the right-hand side of the plane .
fritz the golden retriever from california was filmed wearing bunny ears this easter trying to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth . slow-motion footage shows him licking his lips and enthusiastically leaping up to catch the treat . however, despite his best efforts, the egg narrowly misses his jaw, bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead .
31% of men have never washed their own car according to osv study . only 12% of those that do say they do it regularly and 5% ask their children to wash the car to earn extra pocket money . three-quarters of women never wash their own car .
tobacco companies say the fda is violating their free speech rights . philip morris and r.j. reynolds are among the plaintiffs .
ashley jiron, owner of pb jams in warr acres, oklahoma, taped a sign to her diner window appealing for a homeless person to come for a free meal . the sign read: 'to the person going through our trash for their next meal, you're a human being and worth more than a meal from a dumpster' within a couple of days it had been shared thousands of times on social media .
corporal james bass of north carolina sneaks up behind his son joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop . then, as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took, he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background . 'daddy!' joshua exclaims, as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug .
nepal was left with an unsavoury taste in its mouth after receiving packets of ‘beef masala’ as part of the relief aid from pakistan . the development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony between the south asian association for regional cooperation (saarc) member countries . indian doctors at kathmandu’s bir hospital told mail today that packets of ‘beef masala’ were sent by pakistan on tuesday as part of relief aid to the temblor survivors .
tom schweich, a former missouri auditor, shot himself in the head on february 26, according to new police reports . schweich had talked for years about taking his life - and had become increasingly agitated over politics - but left no suicide note when he shot himself, investigators said tuesday . schweich was running as a republican candidate for governor in 2016 .
ivan carlos, 22, and 18-year-old brenda avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the lone oak mobile home park in palmetto at around 2.30am wednesday . the driver, 35-year-old christian crawford, lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the fence, killing the couple . avilez was nine months pregnant at the time, but the fetus did not survive .
five chinese feminists were detained by police for more than a month . charged with 'picking quarrels and provoking trouble' and face five years in jail if charged . families of the women have issued a plea to beijing authorities for their release .
john moynihan is a former u.s. army ranger . he was honored at the white house for his heroism in the wake of the boston marathon bombing .
manny pacquiao is in fine fettle ahead of floyd mayweather bout . the filipino took to social media to show off his ripped physique . the 36-year-old posted instagram snap of himself tensing his upper torso . mayweather has admitted he has fallen out of love with boxing . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
"star wars" will be streaming on a digital hd at the end of the week . mindy kaling's brother posed as a black man to get into medical school . michelle obama broke down on twitter with the "so you think you can dance" all-stars .
hawkeye, played by jeremy renner, is a one-hit wonder . he's starred in "avengers," "the hurt locker" and "mission impossible"
craig dawson set to return for west brom after serving one-match ban . youssouf mulumbu starts three-game ban against leicester city . matt upson and dean hammond available for leicester . nigel pearson has no further injury worries .
the world's seventh-largest economy, valued at $24 trillion, is under assault . wwf report assesses the health and wealth of the ocean . by 2050, the ocean could lose its coral reefs, which have already been halved .
davion navar henry only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars . in 2013, he stood before his florida church to beg for someone to adopt him, and now he has a permanent home with his caseworker . on wednesday he was formally adopted by his former caseworker connie bell going .
zhou yongkang, 72, is charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets . he is the highest-ranking chinese communist party official ever to face corruption charges . zhou was expelled from the communist party and arrested last december .
400 zimbabweans packed onto buses to escape anti-immigrant attacks . about 3,200 malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps . zulu king goodwill zwelithini denies whipping up xenophobic hatred .
'i really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit,' said kindergarten teacher cheryl meyer, 'if you want to become president of the united states' christie was careful to choose his answer calmly as cameras rolled .
woman jumped onto bonnet of her honda as teenage carjacker drove off . but passer-by produced gun and fired a shot at the thief in the shoulder . police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for saving the woman's life .
al-shabaab has claimed an attack on garissa university college in eastern kenya . the attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group's activities . al-shabaab has been behind a string of recent attacks in kenya .
marc wabafiyebazu, 15, and jean wabafiyebazu, 17, were driving around canada in a consular bmw on march 30 when a drugs raid went wrong . the older brother was shot dead and marc is waiting to find out if he will be charged with his murder . the boys attended top private schools bankrolled by their mother roxanne dube, canada's consul general in miami . court documents reveal the boys boasted to investigators that this raid was not their first .
arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday . per mertesacker will not allow arsenal to become complacent . the german believes the gunners have become a stronger unit from last season's fa cup success . the gunners have won 16 out of 18 matches in all competitions .
fiorentina beat sampdoria 2-0 on a rain-drenched pitch in serie a . alessandro diamanti and mohamed salah scored for fiorentina . miralem pjanic scored as roma beat napoli 1-0 on saturday .
chelsea beat wimbledon 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . charlie adam scored one of the goals of his career at stamford bridge . david beckham and wayne rooney also scored in the premier league .
shona banda, 37, is fighting for custody of her 11-year-old son after his comments about marijuana at a school presentation prompted police to search her home . she did not give authorities consent to search her home, but they returned several hours later with a warrant and found marijuana in plant, oil, joint, gel and capsule form along with paraphernalia . banda published a book about how she uses a liquid form of cannabis as therapy for her debilitating crohn's disease .
joseph mcenroe, 36, from carnation, washington, was convicted of slaying four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007 . the same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole . mcenroe told the court on thursday he 'thought' he had to kill wayne anderson, 60, and judy anderson, 61; their son and daughter
alec stewart, michael vaughan and andrew strauss are three former captains bidding to lead england's reform after paul downton was sacked as managing director . all three achieved a great deal while playing for england and are well-respected figures within the game . vaughan is a broadcaster and columnist while strauss works for sky sports .
ian harris, 51, is a member of the church of the flying spaghetti monster . his followers, known as pastafarians, regard the colander as a religious garment . mr harris has already been turned down once by the dvla but has sent off a fresh photo wearing the headgear in a second bid . he said: 'i don't understand the dvla should be able to discriminate whether my religion is valid'
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 on saturday . louis van gaal is close to delivering his champions league dream . united are eighth in the premier league table, eight points ahead of liverpool . the red devils have not finished in the top four in three seasons .
kim, kanye west, north and khloe kardashian are in yerevan, armenia . the visit is their first to the country their late father, robert kardashian, fled for america . kim and khloe have expressed their excitement at the chance to explore his homeland .
766 violent anti-semitic acts carried out around the world last year . arson, vandalism and direct threats against jews included in figure . 2014 was the worst year for such attacks since 2009 . britain registered 141 violent incidents against jews in 2014 .
sharista giles of sweetwater, tennessee woke up on wednesday after being in a coma for five months . the 20-year-old was driving home from a concert in december when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover . giles was five months pregnant at the time and doctors were forced to deliver her son, who the family refers to as baby l .
duchess of cornwall pub will be built on queen mother square in dorset . pub will have 20 bedrooms and will have coffee, tea and cakes . poundbury is prince charles' personal 20-year social experiment .
network rail was forced to close a section of the tracks between wimbledon and surbiton when a person was struck by a train . the incident scuppered the entire day's services in and out of the city centre . frustrated passengers packed the concourse this afternoon as services in and out of the city centre were delayed or cancelled . network rail said staff were working 'flat out' to recover the service but delays were to be expected into the night .
michael brelo, 31, is charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of timothy russell, 43, and malissa williams, 30 . he is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting . brelo's attorney patrick d'angelo conceded that brelo exposed himself to danger when he stepped onto
tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person's instagram feed . firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their instagram user name in their profile . firm also used facebook to boost its 'mutual friends' feature .
ashley mote, 79, accused of a string of fraud-related offences . accused of acquiring criminal property and obtaining money transfer . some of the money allegedly made from fraud went towards legal costs . he denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between 2004 and 2010 .
daniel craig's character should have died at least three times in skyfall . if 007 had been a mere mortal, the film would have ended after seven minutes . bond survives and plummets off a train, 260ft into the river below .
sam burgess set to start for bath at blindside flanker for second time . bath coach mike ford believes burgess will make a bigger impact from the backrow . burgess is still adapting to the 15-man code with his ball-carrying technique coming under scrutiny .
vanilla ice appeared in palm beach county court on thursday and agreed to a plea deal over a grand theft charge from february . he agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the . estate of a neighbor in lantana for allegedly stealing from the $1million home . van winkle also must acknowledge that he is guilty of the crime, but the charge will be dismissed and he will have no . criminal record upon completing terms of the agreement .
director gareth edwards showed an early teaser for "star wars: rogue one" felicity jones will play a rebel soldier . the movie won't begin shooting until this summer .
u.n. human rights chief zeid raad al-hussein says boko haram are 'war criminals' he told a special session of the u.n. human rights council in geneva that 'gruesome scenes of mass graves and further evident signs of slaughter' boko haram's reported use of children as shields and human bombs would constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity .
judge orlando hudson jr. said prosecutors had two aggravating factors and that craig stephen hicks is 'death penalty qualified' hicks is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the february 10 killings of 23-year-old deah shaddy barakat; his wife, 21-year-old yusor mohammad abu-salha; and her sister, 19-year-old razan mohammad abu-salha .
putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television . last year he spoke for three hours and 55 minutes; in 2013, it was a record-breaking 4 hours and 47 minutes .
billy mitchell, seven, was born with apert syndrome, a rare genetic condition . it causes malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet . he underwent 50 operations to have his entire face painstakingly rebuilt . he also had a titanium frame drilled into his head, which was left there for nine weeks .
bouvier's red colobus monkey was thought to have died out more than 50 years ago . primatologists working in ntokou-pikounda national park have captured the first ever picture of the primate . the white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east tibet after researchers set up camera traps .
frances bean cobain is the daughter of nirvana singer-guitarist kurt cobain . she's an executive producer of the new hbo documentary on his life, "kurt cobain: montage of heck" "kurt got to the point where he eventually had to sacrifice every bit of who he was to his art," she says .
ukip leader said he was 'jealous' of how cameron has reversed greying process . mr farage said he had shaken mr cameron’s hand and ‘complimented him on appearance’ . mr cameron, 48, has previously been accused of visiting stylists and even trichologists to keep his hair looking youthful .
chris smalling joined manchester united's twitter account on friday . the 25-year-old is establishing himself as one of the best defenders in england . adnan januzaj has also joined the social networking site .
remington 'remi' walden, four, was killed when his family's jeep grand cherokee exploded when it was rear-ended in march 2012 . the fuel tank leaked, engulfing the jeep in flames and killing the four-year-old . the verdict came nearly two years after chrysler compromised with a federal safety agency and agreed to a scaled-down recall of some older-model jeeps with the rear-mounted fuel tanks .
the 4,180-passenger anthem of the seas set sail on its maiden voyage last week . the bionic bar is among many hi-tech gimmicks on board the ship . the indoor seaplex activity area has bumper cars, a roller disco and circus school .
steven abberley, 28, hurled tirade of abuse at politicians during commons session . he then threw glass balls from public gallery, but they missed mps . shouted 'you are all just liars' at pm david cameron during debate . when arrested, abberley told police he had daubed words 'the enemy within' in red paint on palace's walls .
sam pearce, 24, of milton, massachusetts, was discovered on the f train in new york city . he was teaching a summer school course and standing to earn $45,530 in the coming school year . soon after, he signed a modelling contract with red nyc and started posing for alexander mcqueen, diesel black gold, and dkny .
many clouds won the grand national at lambourn on saturday . trainer oliver sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with his cheltenham gold cup conqueror coneygree in newbury’s hennessy gold cup . with 11st 9lb on his back, leighton aspell’s mount carried the biggest weight to victory on saturday since red rum won his second national in 1974 at under 12st .
trials show avastin gives women around four months’ extra life . drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by european regulators . patients will have access via the cancer drugs fund until it is considered for routine nhs use . each year an estimated 600 women with advanced cervical cancer could benefit from avastin, costing £3,370 for a month’s treatment .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals during real madrid's 9-1 win over granada . karim benzema hailed his team-mate as a 'phenomenon' ronaldo became only third player to reach 300-goal mark for madrid .
matthew weathers, a teacher at biola university in california, often posts videos of himself tricking his class on his youtube channel . acting inconspicuously, mr weathers announces to his class that if they have any trouble with some of the things he has gone over in the lesson, they can look up the answers in one of his many helpful videos . loading one up on his screen in demonstration, the teacher watches a bit of the video before noticing that the content is backwards and stating that he is embarrassed .
jennifer houle, 22, vanished from a bar in minneapolis on friday . she was last seen walking alone on a bridge 110ft above the mississippi river . body was recovered on wednesday and identified as houle's on thursday . friend said they had gone bar-hopping but ran into houle's ex-boyfriend .
john higgins defeated judd trump 5-4 to reach china open quarter finals . higgins will face defending champion ding junhui in the last eight . world no 1 mark selby defeated david gilbert 5-2 in beijing .
human embryos may have been modified with new gene editing techniques . researchers brace themselves for the results of a study by scientists in china . many scientists have reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to 'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren . but others argue that the technology could also be used to rid families of devastating inherited diseases like cystic fibrosis or certain cancers .
isis enters yarmouk camp as jordan closes its only functioning border crossing . militants entered the camp from hajar aswad in southern damascus . jihadis can potentially use the camp as a base to challenge assad himself . palestinian-run refugee camp has been under government siege for two years . u.n. aid workers have been sending food parcels into the camp .
david atherton, 65, was about to put his meal in the oven when he saw snake . he scooped up the black and white california king snake and placed it in box . atherton's sister margaret, 73, has an extreme phobia of snakes . rspca officers came to collect snake and it has been given temporary home .
kfc allowed hundreds of people to tour the back of 219 stores across australia on saturday . they roamed from freezer to fryer while watching staff continue their daily cooking and preparation tasks . the fast food giant hoped to dispel 'blanket perceptions' of negativity around the quality and freshness of their ingredients . 'if you look at the ingredients and processes we use, it's actually like fabulous home cooked food, and it's just done in a slightly bigger commercial kitchen,' said kfc chief marketing and development officer .
posters promoting a 'straight pride' week at youngstown state university were removed this week after student leaders determined that the message went 'way further than a free speech issue' the posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students . campus leaders at the approximately 15,000-student university said that while they believe the posters were meant as satire, the message was inappropriate .
steven sloan, joined by friends michael niccum and eugene dight were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of anderson island, washington . steven captured the orcas swimming from afar – two of them can be seen jumping from the water .
court documents unearthed from mad men star jon hamm's time at university of texas at austin reveal he was involved in a hazing scandal in 1990 . the 44-year-old golden globe winner allegedly set fire to one pledge after viciously beating him and using a claw hammer to drag him by his genitals . hamm was eventually charged with assault, but he managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his ascent to superstardom .
dontrell stephens didn't die after he was shot by palm beach county sheriff's office deputy adam lin . the then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting . stephens has a record for possessing cocaine .
only 30 per cent of britons are religious, compared to 53 per cent who are not religious and 13 per cent who are 'convinced atheists' in contrast, 94 per cent of people in thailand deem themselves religious, with armenia, bangladesh, georgia and morocco in top five . globally two-thirds of people still consider themselves religious .
sir richard branson converted the old chapel in shipton-on-cherwell, oxfordshire, into a home in the 1970s . he brought the chapel into residential use while setting up his virgin recording business . branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel . other artists using the manor included sandy denny, the bonzo dog doo-dah band and john cale .
fernando torres spent three-and-a-half seasons at liverpool . the striker struck up a close friendship with steven gerrard . torres has scored four goals since returning to atletico madrid on loan .
justices ruth bader ginsburg and clarence thomas heard arguments on same-sex marriage . edward mccaffery: to argue marriage hasn't changed is either willfully ignorant or woefully na ⁇ ve .
kourtnie a. sanchez, 25, was arrested monday on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations, solicitation of unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor . sanchez - who is believed to be a mother-of-three - was a student teacher at marshall elementary school in eureka during the fall 2014 semester . prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17, and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months in 2014 .
german climber jost kobusch filmed the avalanche that hit everest base camp saturday . kobusch: "as soon as we saw people running, we were running ourselves to save our lives"
jordan spieth won the masters at augusta national on sunday . the 21-year-old secured his first ever major title . spieth has a common touch and a depth of sincerity that reached into the heart of every household . spieth must have killed forever the idea that you have to have a cold heart and a ruthless edge to be a winner .
olaparib can delay the moment when the disease gets dangerously out of control . the drug already works for women with cancer fuelled by brca gene mutations . this defect led to actress angelina jolie having her ovaries removed .
currently mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from a landline phone . the charges will end from july 1 under proposals published by telecoms watchdog, ofcom, today . the changes were fought by the mobile phone networks, which have been making tens of millions of pounds a year from customers calling the numbers .
three-quarters of parents whose children are over 18 still have at least one child living with them . but only 42 per cent charge their children rent - compared with a typical uk rent of £750 . 80 per cent still buy their adult child's groceries and 60 per cent cook dinner for them each night .
a two-metre south american boa constrictor is on the loose in surfers paradise . police mistakenly thought it was a harmless python and set it free . the snake could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs .
rappers quavious marshall, 24, kirschnick ball, 20, and kiari cephus, 23, were escorted off the georgia southern university campus mid-performance on saturday night . they were arrested . all of the band members have been denied bond - meaning they might not be able to fulfill their upcoming tour dates .
nicole mayhew had gone to work leaving husband scott working on his car . while she was gone, 43-year-old was seriously injured when suv fell off its jack . mr mayhew spent an hour and a half yelling for help and praying for his wife . meanwhile mrs mayhew got a strange feeling she urgently needed to see her husband . she rushed home to find him trapped underneath the ford explorer .
charlotte briggs, seven, refused place at lydgate junior school in sheffield . mother lynne, 49, claims taking her daughter to school and back every day would require four hours of travelling on the bus . she believed broomhill infants school was a feeder school to lydgate junior . but council said charlotte's preferred school was two miles away .
marsha yumi perry, 36, was arrested on friday on accusations of felony hit-and-run, driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant . the boy suffered a cut to his face as well as scrapes to his knees and elbows, and was taken to peacehealth southwest medical center in vancouver . police tracked her scent through a field and she gave herself up after warnings to reveal herself before the dog was unleashed .
mark selby beat ronnie o'sullivan in last year's final to claim maiden title . the 31-year-old returned to ease 6-3 ahead of kurt maflin in first round . no first-time champion in sheffield has returned to retain the trophy .
the show entitled the seven year switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other . the show's concept is based on the idea that after seven years of marriage, spouses often become restless and regret their decision to wed . after the switch is complete the couples will be able to decide whether or not they want to stay together or be with someone else .
pritesh, 36, and mansi gandhi, 35, started trying for a baby ten years ago . mansi did manage to become pregnant and gave birth in 2007 . but khushi was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life . after ivf treatment, they gave birth to krish three weeks ago .
annegret raunigk, 65, is due to give birth to quadruplets in january . the schoolteacher from spandau, berlin, says she is not bothered . fears the health risks will spike if quads are induced early . 'i have enough experience of childbirth not to be afraid. i am not scared actually, i am just hoping to stay healthy and fit,' her doctor, kai hertwig, tells mailonline .
edwin 'jock' mee, 46, allegedly targeted 11 cadets, many of whom were young black women, on a military base in south london . it is claimed he went on to rape one of the cadets at the mitcham barracks army careers and information office in croydon . the divorced father-of-five denies 16 counts of sexual assault and two rapes .
john elder and armin wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images . helped build a case against a turkish government which still denies the slaughter of up to 1.5million armenians constituted genocide . as armenians mark 100 years since the atrocities, many western countries still do not use that word .
norwegians will have to tune in digitally to fm radio . the country of 5 million has already made the move . digital transmission will save $25 million, officials say .
abdulkadir zeyat, 45, his wife antika, 43, and six of their children were found dead . turkish authorities believe the family, which included siblings as young as three-years-old, died of food poisoning . the only survivor was the family's eldest son, kemal zeyat, 19, who had been out at work in istanbul .
form was purchased at an ephemera show by rare book dealer ian brabner . it asks a further 19 questions, including 'do you believe in white supremacy?' at the top is an introduction implying that it is intended to be sent out to people whose friends have identified them as suitable recruits .
dmitri kovtun says alexander litvinenko killed himself by mistake in 2006 . insists he was not involved in spy's death and blames him for his own death . claims he was carrying around polonium rather than being given it by kovtun .
the fashion police co-host, 40, was seen leaving the trump tower in new york city on her way to a today show appearance on monday . her memoir, going off script, details her tumultuous relationship with jerry o'connell, who she first met in san diego .
a bus collides with a fuel tanker in southern morocco . the accident causes a fire that hollows out the bus .
newcastle united beat tottenham hotspur 1-0 at st james' park on sunday . ashleyout.com had urged fans to boycott the match at st james' park . sunderland fans rented a plane and banner to fly over the stadium .
amanda holden said sister debbie had managed to contact family to say she was safe after 7.9-magnitude quake struck nepal on saturday . she said: 'it's awful, i can barely speak. i'm still quite numb. it's hard to take in what an awful situation it is in nepal' debbie had not yet reached everest base camp, where a deadly avalanche hit, because she was ill and had stopped off to recover .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday . ander herrera and wayne rooney scored the goals at villa park . louis van gaal has piled pressure on manchester city .
new orleans bans smoking in bars, casinos and restaurants . bar owners worried about revenue loss, puffing customers bemoaned loss of smoking spots . harrah's new orleans and bar owners filed a lawsuit to stop the ban .
a young soldier known as the 'handsome man' has been drawn into the centre of an anzac day controversy . his image was used to front woolworths' 'fresh in our memories' ad campaign . the supermarket has been slammed for commercialising the centenary of anzac and forcibly shut down by the government .
england finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day . captain alastair cook also fell cheaply as he was out for 13 . jonathan trott's footwork and head movement looked awry in both his brief knocks .
todd phillips, a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing, was injured when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone . dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping phillips' leg . phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released .
hull city lost 2-0 to southampton at st mary's stadium on saturday . steve bruce is confident he can keep his side in the premier league . hull have mustered just six wins from their opening six games .
an iranian aircraft flew within 50 yards of a u.s. navy helicopter over the persian gulf . the maneuver could have triggered a serious incident . "we think this might have been locally ordered," a u.s. military official says .
the 58-year-old actress announced on tuesday that she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy . she took a leave of absence from broadway play 'fish in the dark' earlier this month . famous friends flocked to twitter to pass on their best wishes to the actress .
don the sheepdog leaned on the controls of the tractor before driving it on to the m74 in south lanarkshire during rush hour . he sent the tractor down a bank, onto the carriageway and into the central reservation barrier . don was unhurt in the ordeal but the incident caused major tailbacks . traffic scotland tweeted a bizarre warning that there may be hold-ups ‘due to a dog taking control of tractor’, adding ‘nope, not joking’ .
duncan bannatyne said ed miliband’s plan to scrap the controversial ‘non-dom’ status had won him over . the millionaire hotelier signed a letter from more than 100 business leaders backing the tories’ economic record .
jordan waddingham found the 90-kilogram nest in karoola, north east of launceston in tasmania . the little wasp hunter followed a trail of wasps when he stumbled across the nest . it took two days to unearth the nest from the ground and four men to carry it out of the bush . the nest will be on display at the queen victoria museum and art gallery in launceston over the easter long weekend .
aaron taylor-johnson was just 19 when he met wife sam, then 42, on the set of nowhere boy in 2009 . six years later, the hollywood actor has revealed that he doesn't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature . friends of the couple call him benjamin button after brad pitt's character in the 2008 film the curious case of benjamin button, who ages in reverse .
lord janner is alleged to have sexually assaulted young boys in 1970s and 1980s . his alleged victims could bring civil claims against him, lawyer says . he will not face child abuse charges because of his memory problems . but he could still face civil action from complainants, slater & gordon says .
patrick kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from springville, utah . the us artist specialises in remarkably hyper-realistic paintings . his portrayals vary between vivid city scenes, still-life objects, portraits and breathtaking motion-shots .
t-shirts feature phrases such as 'i heart my stalker' and 'some people call it stalking. i call it love!' the offending garments are sold in us and uk stores including zazzle, look human and north shore shirts . the slt said the t-shirts play into people's fear of being laughed at, which prevents victims from seeking help to deal with stalkers and puts them at a higher risk of being attacked .
the pillars of creation are one of the most iconic images ever to be captured by the hubble space telescope . new observations, taken by the european space agency, reveal many new details — including a jet from a young star . they shed about 70 times the mass of the sun every million years or so . based on their present mass of about 200 times that of the sun, the pillars of creation have an expected lifetime of perhaps three million more years .
tiger woods returned to action at augusta national golf club . woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf . woods hit 16 chips from the front and right of the green and most finished close to the tee pegs that signified the imaginary holes .
new york governor andrew cuomo said friday that the synthetic marijuana product known as 'spice' is sweeping the city . 160 people have been hospitalized in the nine days from april 8, 120 of them in one week . the cannabinoid, also commonly called 'k2' or 'mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri .
california's century-old water rights system has been based on self-reporting and little oversight . delta farmers don't deny using as much water as they need, but say they're not stealing it because their history of living at the water's edge gives them that right . gov. jerry brown has said that if drought continues this system built into california's legal framework will probably need to be examined .
dr teresa belton is a researcher and education expert at the university of east anglia . she says simple acts such as inviting someone out for a cup of tea, singing in a community choir and practicing good posture can all improve general wellbeing . the doctor emphasises that it is important to prioritise 'wellbeing' over happiness .
brittney griner and her fiancee and fellow wnba player glory johnson, both 24, were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on wednesday . they were released from jail at 4am on thursday . griner helped the phoenix mercury win a championship this season .
nicholas figueroa, 23, was on second date at sushi restaurant in east village . he was killed in gas explosion and building collapse in manhattan last month . his mother, ana, wept as she watched his casket being loaded into hearse . father, nixon, told mourners: 'i'm here but i'm broken. my son is broken'
amanda berry, 29, and gina dejesus, 25, have written hope: a memoir of survival in cleveland, which will be released on april 27 . they recalled the years of rapes, torture and psychological games at the hands of ariel castro, a man who lived close to their homes in ohio . amanda recalled how her daughter gave her the strength to go on during the harrowing ordeal .
maurice thibaux, 67, stormed onto the catwalk at sydney's mercedes-benz fashion week on sunday night . the french native - who lives next door to the venue - made a complaint about the noise . mr thibaux said he had no problem with the music but the rumbling that came with it .
jordan spieth won the masters by four shots on sunday . the augusta champion visited the empire state building on monday . spieth was still proudly sporting his green jacket as he snapped a selfie .
sandra malcolm's body was found at her home in cape town, south africa . her grandson reportedly climbed through a window when nobody answered . reports in south africa suggest the 74-year-old's attackers had mutilated her . mrs malcolm, originally from dundee in scotland, had lived in south africa for 35 years .
tottenham are tracking dynamo kiev's andriy yarmolenko . spurs believe they can land the ukrainian forward for a reasonable price . paris saint-germain are also interested in the versatile forward . everton winger kevin mirallas is also on the white hart lane radar .
david cameron appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair . in one day this week the tory leader travelled to all four home nations . he has also had to wade into a number of arguments, defending ministers .
video shows jihadist fighters triumphantly celebrating their capture of jisr al-shughour in northwestern syria . the eight-minute video was released yesterday and is believed to be filmed by a young man who has travelled from the uk to join the fight in syria . syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on jisr al-shughour, killing some 20 fighters .
cyclists weave and dodge safety barriers to avoid speeding train . sir bradley wiggins took part in last paris-roubaix race for team sky . racers swerve to avoid barriers to gain precious seconds on rivals . policeman on motorbike pulls up to stop more cyclists risking safety .
bastia lost 4-0 to paris saint germain in the league cup final on saturday . french league president frederic thiriez did not shake the players' hands . bastia president pierre-marie geronimi has called for thiriez to resign .
peter gale was fired from his position at nonsuch high school for girls . he was fired due to 'serious breaches' in safeguarding procedures . mr gale was appointed to run the school in september 2013 . well-known alumnae include olympic cycling champion joanna rowsell .
copper-locked actor damian lewis says redheads everywhere are doing well . prince harry, ed sheeran, julianne moore, me and lily cole are all redheads . 'this might be a unique moment in recent history,' he said .
ap mccoy will be crowned champion after two decades at the top of his sport . the 15-year-old left his home in county antrim, to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey’s life at the stable of jim bolger in county kilkenny . claire mccoy says seeing ‘anthony’ leave to go to jim bolger’s academy for four and a half years left her ‘heartbroken’ .
french prosecutor brice robin says he is not aware of any video from on board the plane . he says a person who has such a video "needs to immediately give it to the investigators" bild and bild report that a cell phone video was found at the wreckage site .
mark doggett, 30, from wolverhampton, gave up a ten-year career in construction . he decided to set up a business using the animals' sense of smell . meg, four, and jess, 22 months, were trained to sniff out dry rot . when they find it they stop, stare at it and point with their nose .
the banyan tree in guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk, but a whole web of roots . locals say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind due to its flimsy structure .
manny pacquiao released his own music video ahead of floyd mayweather fight . the song 'lalaban ako para sa filipino' translates as 'i will fight for the fillipino' pacquiao not only wrote and sang the tune but also directed the video . the 36-year-old will fight floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .
samantha cameron was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign . she gave birth to their fourth child florence in cornwall after she arrived weeks early . the couple cooed over seven-week-old regan on a visit to chorley, lancashire . mr cameron later admitted he could not help thinking about having more children when he was around young babies .
the use of marijuana as a medicinal treatment actually dates back millennia, to at least 2730 b.c. cnn's sanjay gupta looks at the history of the herb in medicine . cnn's lisa france addresses the latest late-night matchups .
ralph body, 41, manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in long island city, queens, until march 29 . he told the new york post he 'gave his life' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked him to do . body says his employers with heatherwood communities said it didn't matter . body says he only did what was asked of him, like cleaning cat litter, taking care of pets and watering plants .
ashley young got bird poo during manchester united's game against swansea . luke shaw says united players hung a fake bird above young's peg . left back says young is the biggest joker in the dressing room .
former rap mogul marion "suge" knight pleads not guilty to murder, other charges . his attorney asked the court to further reduce knight's bail, now set at $10 million . the judge lowered knight's bail earlier this month, to $10 million from $25 million .
several thousand people gathered outside the city's main railway station flinders street at 4pm on friday . the rally forced the closure of flinders and elizabeth streets, where surrounding streets soon became clogged with cars and trams forced to stop . indigenous leaders have also been highly critical of the state government's plans, which could involve the forced removal of more than 1000 people . queensland police service refuses to issue an apology to an indigenous officer after claims the word 'abor' was written on his station roster .
university of cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy . by using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock . he said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes . and the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce . dr bombelli will present his research as part of the pint of science festival . this year more than 600 science evenings will take place in 50 cities .
nathan allan de souza set to join chelsea from atletico paranaense . the 19-year-old brazilian attacking midfielder is regarded as the next big thing in south american football . nathan will join willian, ramires, filipe luis and oscar at stamford bridge . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
everton's academy players attended a training session on tuesday . leon osman, phil jagielka, ross barkley and romelu lukaku were all present . roberto martinez's side have won five of their last six games .
danny alexander is on course to lose his seat to the scottish nationalists . he would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the snp surge . one plan said to be under consideration by the party is to keep him as chief secretary to the treasury by giving him a lifetime sinecure in the house of lords . other party stalwarts likely to be ennobled after the election are former leaders charles kennedy and sir menzies campbell .
balloon collides with a transmission tower and plummets to the ground . the incident took place over russia's dmitrov district . the balloon appears to be moving in a controlled manner .
aaron hernandez could face three more trials -- one criminal and two civil actions . he is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a boston nightclub .
more than 1,000 cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website . private rooms are available for as little as $12 (£8) a night . 40 per cent of airbnb’s listings in cuba are in havana .
iain mackay, 40, bled to death in hua hin, 125 miles south-west of bangkok . thai police said he was in a rage when he cut himself on a mirror . he also clashed with a man who was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar .
bhutan is a tiny himalayan kingdom wedged between tibet and india . it is a land of myths and magic - a shangri-la where tigers fly through the air . buddhist monuments, known as stupas, are erected near rivers to defy evil spirits .
total lunar eclipse starts at 3:16 a.m. pacific daylight time . it will last four minutes and 43 seconds .
manchester councils have failed to recalibrate some of 100,000 ticket machines . motorists without old coins must use £1 and two 20p pieces for £1.25 hour's parking . council also charges £1.85 for hour and half and £3.10 for two hours and 30 minutes .
sledge died of natural causes, coroner says . he had been in hospice care for cancer .
timothy eli thompson was born without a nose in march in alabama . his mom put his photo on facebook after a pro-life group posted an ad . facebook removed the photo because it was deemed to be too controversial . the social media site has since reversed its decision after public protest .
lisa mcelroy, a 50-year-old drexel law professor, allegedly sent a link to a pornographic website to her students in 2010 . she appeared on the show while it was still hosted my meredith vieira . mcelroy, who teaches legal writing, got tripped up on the $12,500 level after flying through the first few questions . even after using two of her lifelines, she answered wrong and walked away with around $5,000 .
rory mcilroy believes jeff knox reads the mysterious augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen . knox played with mcilroy when he was first man out in the third round last year . a fortnight later, mcilroy wrote him a letter asking if he might be able to call upon his advice in the future .
sam, 22, has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free, low-carb and low sugar diet . the london-born artist has been replaced with a new body confident sam . he has been named vogue's april 'today i'm wearing' star .
alastair cook and jonathan trott are sixth english pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions . corey anderson is a doubt for the test series in england with a broken finger . jermaine blackwood was in the wars on thursday, twice being hit in the body by cook shots after devindra bishoo dragged down a couple of long hops . west indies bowler shannon gabriel picked up where he left off after reaching 93mph on wednesday .
dairon asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift the portland timbers past new york city fc 1-0 . a failed clearance fell to the feet of asprilla and his deflected shot found the empty side of the net . elsewhere, teal bunbury scored one and set up another as the new england revolution beat the philadelphia union 2-1 .
the red mazda careered off the road up someone's drive and crashed . it hit the property in crossgates, leeds, with such force it became stuck . incredibly, no-one was seriously injured in the accident .
jarret stoll, 32, was arrested on friday in las vegas, nevada, on drug possession charges . stoll is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews, a former espn employee who now works as an nfl sideline reporter for fox sports . the nhl player was arrested for possession of cocaine and mdma, also known as molly, at the wet republic pool at the mgm grand .
nathalie croquet, from paris, has recreated a series of glossy commercials for her project spoof . the exhibition includes parodies of ads from givenchy, lancome, lanvin and acne .
karen sharpe, the mother of north charleston police officer michael slager, defended her son in an interview . sharpe said she has not watched the video of the fatal shooting or read any news reports or watched any news coverage of the incident . this as she also expressed her sympathy for walter scott's family, noting this event has caused them both to 'change forever' sharpe also revealed that slager's wife, who is eight months pregnant, is devastated .
dom joly joined abu dhabi ocean racing for volvo ocean race in brazil . the 47-year-old comedian and travel writer soars like a bird in the water . he climbed the mast of the racing boat for an impressive selfie . joly said he was trained in diving by british olympic medallist tom daley .
mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (mbct) has similar recurrence rates as anti-depressants, a study found . over two years, relapse rates were 44 per cent in the mbct group compared to 47 per cent in the medication group . this suggests it offers an 'alternative treatment' for those averse to drugs .
coles has been ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties after lying to shoppers about the freshness of its bread . the supermarket giant's 'made today, sold today' slogan was deemed misleading by the federal court . coles was also ordered to display a federal court corrective notice in its stores and on its website .
robert bates tells nbc's "today" that he mistook his gun for a stun gun . he is charged with manslaughter in the death of eric harris .
a 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on saturday night . a 19-year-old was hospitalised with a broken neck, along with the driver, 20, and another 17-year-old passenger, both of whom suffered bruising and shock . the vision was captured at a known hoon hotspot in yatala on the gold coast, where police were alerted after spotting a driver doing burnouts .
airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the red sea port city of hodeida . saudi arabia hinted it was prepared to launch a ground invasion in yemen . houthis have overrun the yemeni capital, sanaa, and several provinces . they have forced president abed rabbo mansour hadi to flee abroad .
edwin mee, 46, is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working at an army careers centre in croydon . the scottish officer - known as 'jock' - allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged 15 to their early twenties between october 2010 and september 2011 . mee told jurors about his military career and firmly denied the allegations .
alabama authorities were suspicious that the 88-year-old author, who is reportedly deaf and blind, was somehow pushed into publishing the forthcoming go set a watchman . lee, who lives in an nursing home in monroeville, alabama, had said for decades she wanted to kill a mockingbird to be her only published novel . the state's department of human resources confirmed monday that their investigation had been closed .
rosehall estate near inverness was built in 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s . it was used as a secret love nest of the duke of westminster and coco chanel . the super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer . miss chanel would love to fish on the estate's river, catching more than 50 salmon, according to winston churchill .
gary neville tore into manchester city following their defeat by crystal palace . the former manchester united and england defender said the champions have a 'mentality problem' neville said: 'they can't sustain success by winning back-to-back titles. they're getting older. their average age is the highest in the league at 29 and a half'
experts believe the molalla log cabin could have been built as early as 1795 - a decade before lewis and clark reached the pacific ocean . the way the logs are tightly interwoven, secured without nails and leaving no gaps to fill, is similar to russian log cabins of the same time period, when catherine the great was sending envoys to alaska to boost the fur trade . the way the logs are tightly interwoven, secured without nails and leaving no gaps to fill, is unlike pioneer building methods at the time .
eden hazard is the favourite to win the pfa player of the year award . chelsea winger has been in superb form for jose mourinho's side . david de gea and harry kane are also among the leading contenders .
the sfra airspace was developed to protect the washington area after the 9/11 terrorist attacks . the size of the sfra airspace is designed to give our defense forces time to determine if a threat exists .
the family had left a waterfront restaurant thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the port of los angeles, landing upside down in about 30 feet of water . the boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in vehicle, and they weren't breathing when rescuers brought them up . the eight-year-old boy died at the hospital several hours later .
phillip pama, 28, allegedly killed his neighbour leon yeaman, 55, with a single punch in the head . pama, a shift worker, worked a 3 am shift at a nearby warehouse and was sleeping at the time mr yeaman was making a commotion . mr yeaman was known for getting drunk, playing loud music and yelling at ‘the world at large’ . pama was granted conditional bail on friday .
nicola horlick, 54, from london, raised six children while working in the city . eldest daughter georgina died from leukaemia in 1998 aged 12 . mrs horlick says women should marry early and have children in twenties .
rae johnston is one of the growing number of australians dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book, television show or movie characters . the 33-year-old tech and gaming journalist has been chosen to host the cosplay championships at this year's oz comic-con . ms johnston said she receives regular online proposals for her signature wonder woman outfit . the trend has exploded online and at conventions across the globe .
lizzy hawker entered the 2005 ultra-trail du mont-blanc on a whim . the 29-year-old has since gone on to become britain’s most distinctive female ‘ultra runner’ . her inspirational memoir is strong on buddhist philosophy and the peace that comes with living fully in the now .
dr lara briden is a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women's health . she says that premenstrual symptoms such as irritability and cravings are common, but they're not normal . she says that pms can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the champions league on wednesday . luis suarez scored twice and neymar added a third for the catalans . mundo deportivo lauded barcelona's performance in paris .
alexander bradley told bristol county superior court on wednesday that aaron hernandez had access to a black glock pistol he is accused of using to murder semipro football player odin lloyd . bradley, who has sued hernandez over a 2013 shooting incident, will be allowed to tell jurors he saw someone hand hernandez a black glock pistol in a miami hotel . the gun bradley will testify about 'could have been, might
tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice . scientists used low doses of the drug oxaliplatin, which has a unique ability to activate cancer-killing immune cells in small tumours but works less well in large, aggressive tumours . each year in the uk around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease .
pupils at riverview junior school in gravesend, kent, told they cannot run . parents say they need to 'let off steam' during breaks and get exercise . staff say they are trying to crack down on dangerous 'chasing' game .
louis van gaal and manchester united have turned down offers from asia and australia and are about to sign off a visit to america . the trip will last in the region of 12 days – a whole week shorter than last summer – and will be over by august 1 . the club have agreed once again to rake part in the international champions cup that they won last summer by beating liverpool in a final in miami . the tournament is played all over america but this time the promoters have essentially allowed united to choose their own venues .
mirko 'cro crop' filipovic faces gabriel gonzaga in poland on saturday . cro crop lost to the brazilian in 2007 after a first-round head kick . filipovic admitted revenge is a motivating factor ahead of the fight .
one utah national guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers disciplined for their involvement with hot shots 2015 . investigator said he hoped the utah national guard recommended the removal of pornography and other media 'that promote sexist behavior and objectify women or men' from military stores . three soldiers were disciplined with reprimands last year and forced to pay back the $200 in military fuel that was used for the shoot .
debra lobo, a 55-year-old california native, was shot in the right cheek and left arm . she is unconscious but expected to survive, police say .
honolulu museum of art handed over seven stolen artifacts to u.s. collectors . items were smuggled into the u.s. by art dealer subhash kapoor . kapoor was arrested in 2011 and is awaiting trial in india .
paul smith will face andre ward on june 20 in oakland, california . ward has not fought since he beat edwin rodriguez on points in november 2013 . smith failed in back-to-back challenges for arthur abraham's wbo belt .
comres poll reveals 54% want nicola sturgeon out of next uk government . 59% want the snp as a whole to play no part in running the country . miliband and sturgeon have ruled out a formal coalition with the snp . but they have left open the possibility of the snp supporting a labour government on a vote-by-vote basis .
jack nicklaus made a hole in one on the fourth at augusta national . the 75-year-old is one of five men to complete the career grand slam . nicklaus was playing alongside gary player and ben crenshaw .
arsenal beat reading 2-1 in the fa cup third round at wembley . arsene wenger accepted his side were 'a bit lucky' to win . reading goalkeeper adam federici made a costly error in extra-time .
michael phelps is entered in five events at this week's arena pro swim series in mesa, arizona . it will be his first meet since serving a six month ban following a drunk driving conviction . phelps has won 22 olympic medals, 18 golds, but was banned from swimming in september .
stoke midfielder charlie adam scored from 66 yards against chelsea . adam picked up the ball up deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot . the shot, travelling at 45.1mph, was hit such power that thibaut courtois was unable to deflect the ball away . as it sailed into the net the goalkeeper came tumbling in after in an embarrassing moment he will want to forget .
rebecca eldemire, 21, was shot twice in the face with a .357 magnum by her boyfriend, 27-year-old larry tipton . after shooting eldemire twice, tipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself in her off-campus apartment in oxford, ohio on sunday . eldemire was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol, according to the report .
ellie harrison, 37, says that she accepts that she will fall out of favour . the mother-of-two joined the programme in 2011 . in 2011 she was told her flowing blonde tresses were 'too present' .
zakiur rehman lakhvi was allowed to leave adiala prison in rawalpindi late on thursday . his release was slammed with indians calling it an 'insult' to victims of the three-day onslaught . it comes after nearly four months of wrangling over lakhvi's detention .
michele bachmann compares president obama to the co-pilot of the germanwings flight . "with his iran deal, barack obama is for the 300 million souls of the united states," she says .
richie benaud, 84, died on friday after a long battle with skin cancer . he told the nine network that 'as a kid we never ever wore a cap' . benaud had never returned to his cricket commentary job after a car accident in october 2013 in which he suffered serious injuries . he had been out walking with his beloved wife daphne for 40 minutes every morning in the hope that he could return to work .
the fire began when lightning struck a water storage tank, launching it into the air and landing 60 feet from the site . the tanker was near an injection well where fracking wastewater is pumped into the ground . no one was injured, but the facility has likely been destroyed .
naunihal singh, 54, woke up great-grandfather ujjal singh, 63, and slashed him . attack came after heated argument over the couple's lack of children . ujjal accused naunihal's son yawinder-pal 'monty', 37, of 'firing blanks'
mike holpin, 56, has three £450 ps4 consoles dotted around his monmouthshire council house . he has 40 children by 20 women - 16 of whom were taken into care by social services . mr holpin says he wants more children but admits he would not recognise many in the street .
concrete from a construction project fell onto the family's car, police say . josh and vanessa ellis and their 8-month-old son were killed, authorities say .
bayern munich face borussia dortmund at the signal iduna park on saturday . der klassiker has dominated german football for much of the past decade . the two sides are separated by nine bundesliga places and 31 points . bayern beat borussia dortmund 2-1 at wembley to win the champions league .
striking photographs show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark swimming in the shallow waters of heron island in queensland, australia . it’s thought that the shark was not interested in catching a meal, but the fish naturally keep their distance . it’s known that shoals of fish can change shapes and directions in seconds - as if they are thinking as one .
tim sherwood has branded aston villa's stars 'icing on the cake players' qpr will be without striker eduardo vargas for the rest of the season . sherwood believes his star names must dig deep to avert their relegation crisis .
british artist johanna basford, 32, created one of the first colouring books for grown-ups in 2013 called secret garden . it has sold over 1.5million copies and inspired a flurry of similar books . now her second book enchanted forest has sold out within weeks of its release .
a 26-year-old employee at ceva logistics in michigan secretly delivered a baby in a bathroom stall and then returned to her seat to resume her duties . police found the mother had blood on her clothes, but there was no sign of a baby . when officers searched her work space, they discovered a newborn's lifeless body stuffed inside her bag and hidden beneath her desk . the mother and baby were taken to a local hospital, where the child was pronounced dead .
tottenham defender kyle walker injured his foot against burnley . scans revealed he had not broken his foot but he faces another month out . walker sustained the injury following a collision with burnley defender kieran trippier at turf moor on april 5 .
grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair . instagram is awash with grey haired images - from beauty shots featuring professional models to selfies uploaded by grey haired instagrammers .
government officials have repeatedly insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for group b strep, known as gbs . this is despite the fact it is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the uk every year . a programme which offered screening to all expectant women resulted in not a single case of the bacteria spreading to infants .
manchester city's under 18 side lost 3-1 to chelsea in the fa youth cup final final first-leg on monday night . city captain vincent kompany, manager manuel pellegrini and head of youth development patrick vieira were in attendance . chelsea's first-team are currently bottom of the premier league .
cledford hall, near middlewich in cheshire, will be demolished to make way for a 'butlins-style' gipsy camp costing £3.2million . the 200-year-old mansion will be converted into 'washing and toilet' facilities and office accommodation for a resident warden . villagers have vehemently opposed the plans saying travellers could 'intimidate' nearby pensioners .
middlesbrough host wolves at the britannia stadium on saturday . aitor karanka is targeting wins from all of his side's remaining fixtures . bournemouth boss eddie howe insists his side are not getting carried away .
ed balls has ruled out any post-election pact with the snp with scotland . shadow chancellor said it would be a 'betrayal of the english vote' ed miliband has insisted labour will not form a coalition with the snp .
ben cousins left fremantle magistrates court on thursday with a smug smirk on his face . the former afl star was supposed to face reckless driving charges on wednesday morning but failed to show up . cousins was arrested on march 11 after leading police on a low speed chase from bicton to mosman park . the magistrate warned cousins that he now faces a jail term for the 'serious' offences he has committed .
newcastle owner mike ashley was given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5million loan handed to the previous gers board in january . dave king's new regime have promised a speedy investigation into the claims .
brooke geherman, from alberta, canada, posted a video of her son, kowen, cradling his goldfish and kissing it repeatedly . as the goldfish circles the bowl and disappears, kowen realises he will never see top again . as he becomes more distressed, his mother comforts him, and he cries on her shoulder, shrieking the name of the fish repeatedly .
mary kay letourneau, 53, and vili fualaau, 31, met when fualaau was in her second grade class in seattle . she taught him again in sixth grade in 1996 . by the summer, their relationship turned sexual . letourneau fell pregnant with the boy's child and he contacted police . she was sentenced to six months in jail - although three were suspended - and was ordered to have no contact with the boy . the couple have two teenage daughters .
lorenzo simon, 34, forced victim michael spalding, 39, to decorate his flat . he then dismembered him using hacksaw and stuffed body parts into suitcases . simon, with girlfriend michelle bird, 35, threw suitcases into birmingham canal . he was today found guilty of murder after a jury took 15 hours to decide . bird was cleared of murder and manslaughter but admitted assisting an offender .
lorient climb clear of ligue 1 relegation zone with 5-3 win at marseille . jordan ayew and francois bellugou score twice for lorient . florian thauvin and andre-pierre gignac had given marseille lead .
jack wilshere has been out of action since november with ankle injury . arsene wenger has told manchester city not to waste their time . arsenal face burnley at turf moor on saturday .
nicholas slatten was sentenced to life in prison for his role in the 2007 nisour square massacre that killed 14 iraqi civilians and wounded 17 others . dustin heard, paul slough and evan liberty were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison for charges that included manslaughter and using firearms while committing a felony . u.s. district judge royce lamberth announced the sentences after a day-long hearing at which defense lawyers had argued for leni
nearly 3.8million crimes recorded by police last year, up 2% from 2013 . a record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged – up 32% . experts say the rise was partly because victims were 'more willing' to report sex crimes, including historical ones, and police were more likely to take complaints seriously . number of murders and manslaughter cases in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level for 38 years .
social services minister scott morrison says the government is actively researching possible legislation changes . the national immunisation program currently outlines that parents must vaccinate their children to be eligible for family payments and childcare rebates . but people who choose not to vaccinate their children for philosophical, personal or religious beliefs are able to apply for an exemption . mr morrison believes there is essentially no excuse to excuse a parent when they decide not to vaccinate their child .
blue bell ice cream temporarily shuts down one of its manufacturing plants . the cdc says listeria contamination was found in a cup of ice cream recovered from a hospital .
st mary's hospital in west london is first choice of venue for delivery . two other hospitals in reading and norfolk are on standby in case duchess leaves . princess margaret was the last royal to be born outside london in 1930 .
kelly watson, 41, was diagnosed with early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday . she struggled with her words and co-ordination and was slurring . she relies on her mother moira to wash her hair and is terrified of forgetting daughter holly, 17 . joys of watching holly grow up had 'all been stolen from me', she said .
greenpeace activists scale a shell oil rig in the pacific ocean to protest its plans to drill in the arctic . the activists plan to occupy the underside of the rig's main deck and say they have enough supplies to stay there for several days . shell says the boarding is illegal and jeopardizes the safety of the activists and the crew .
kevin franklin will light up his christmas lights for autism awareness month . the 53-year-old kept the lights up after christmas ahead of autism week . but he didn't take them down in january because he wanted to switch them on again in april . mr franklin's 15-year-old son bradley is autistic and the family want to raise awareness for charities working with those with the disability .
amanda goff, 40, revealed her identity as escort samantha x . the mother-of-two said she received 'vitriol' from 'better' mothers . ms goff said her harshest critics were other mothers concerned with the ‘life of misery’ her children were expected to endure .
birmingham tops league table for highest number of rat exterminations . london borough of southwark has most mice, cockroaches and bed bugs . newcastle is most pest-infested place in uk with 5% of residents reporting problems . bpca warns pest numbers are at their highest levels for several years .
penelope cruz will appear in "zoolander 2" ben stiller will play male model derek zoolander . the film is scheduled for release in 2016 .
mysterious signs have appeared in the surrey village of milford . they have sparked speculation as to the identity of the author . one read: 'i love you do much please forgive what i said please' another asked the recipient to remember their first date and professed it was the 'best day of my life' do you know who wrote the signs or do you believe they are about you? email flora.drury@mailonline.co.uk .
mike lane, 40, was beaten by protesters armed with iron bars on ropes . he condemned the decision by police as 'pathetic' .
mark o'meara carded a 68 on day two of the masters at augusta . o'meara is the third oldest man in the field in 2015 . ben crenshaw is the second oldest golfer competing this year .
slipper island, a 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass located 4 km off the coast of the new zealand's north island, has been purchased for aud $6.75 million . it boasts two airstrips and six houses, all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views . the buyer, wendy wei mei wu, is reportedly yet to decide what she wants to do with the island .
australia have dropped the ridiculous policy of not selecting their best players if they are playing overseas . it leaves england looking old-fashioned and they need to react . if roy hodgson’s star names moved to bayern munich or barcelona, would the fa tell him not to pick them? absolutely not . matt giteau and drew mitchell are top-class performers for toulon .
rizwan and naveed hussain jailed for 12 months each for health and safety offences . hussains were building a former indian restaurant on site in sheffield . three people were injured when a digger struck a load-bearing column . a doctor's wife and a student plunged into the rubble and a workman was buried .
sabrina broadbent tetzner, 32, fled the fundamentalist sect headed by convicted rapist warren jeffs eight years ago . she finally gained full custody of her children (ages 8 to 13) last week . but when she tried to pick them up from the colorado city, utah community, she was physically stopped by 600 cult members . cell phone footage shows swarms of polygamist women dressed in conservative floor-length dresses in varying pastel colors .
maggie doyne left her new jersey hometown to travel the world before college . doyne helped rebuild a sea wall in fiji, then went to india and worked with nepalese refugees . doyne started the blinknow foundation to support and grow her efforts . doyne lives in nepal year-round, traveling to the u.s. a few times a year .
online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of manny pacquiao t-shirts, boxing gloves, figurines, caps and jackets . fans are buying items they believe could double in value if he wins megafight . prices of pacquiao-autographed boxing gloves have also risen at least 50 per cent .
nick loeb says he filed a complaint against sofia vergara in august . he says he wants to implant the embryos in a surrogate and bring them to term .
emmanuel sithole was stabbed to death in alexandra township, johannesburg . brutal attack was captured on camera by a local journalist on saturday . the four men surrounded mr sithole, before stabbing him with knives . they bludgeoned him with a wrench and beat him with a wench . mr sithole later died from a direct stab wound to the heart .
the 90-second clip was filmed by a witness at king khalid international airport in riyadh . it shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck . for nearly two minutes the men toss suitcases or fling them behind their backs without care or caution .
sponsors first utility have announced a new format for the player of the month award which lets fans vote for the league's best players . at the end of each month, a shortlist of five players will be drawn up by the writers of league weekly . fans have until april 10th to register their votes for this month's competition .
america’s capital is filled with underwood wannabes . capital grille is a favoured venue for political plots . seat of the united states congress is in the united states capitol .
the underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt . it is currently on display at the national museum of denmark in copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection . it was obtained during an expedition to the ammassalik settlement in greenland in 1892 by captain c. ryder . seal fur provides less insulation than caribou fur to prevent the wearer from sweating and causing the material to freeze in the cold .
the original cast of twin peaks is backing david lynch in his salary standoff with showtime . lynch announced sunday that he was exiting showtime's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute . showtime already had a deal in place with lynch and co-creator mark frost to bring back the cult hit .
stoke are 17th in the premier league fair play table . mark hughes believes tom jones' song 'delilah' is costing them a spot in the europe league via the fair play league . the potters' faithful have been singing jones' song since the 1980s .
salvina formosa does weights and sit-to-stand exercises every week . the 101-year-old recently tripped over an uneven footpath in sydney . the widow, who is a trained sewing teacher, has made over 13 wedding dresses and insists she still enjoys sewing and cooking .
manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather will fight in las vegas on may 2 . the cheapest tickets for the bout are priced at $1,500 . kenny bayless has been named as the referee .
ahmed gaddaf al-dam, a former minister and muammar gaddafi's cousin, said 'overwhelming chaos' in libya 'has become a shame that will haunt the countries that had participated in the destruction of the libyan armed forces in 2011' but minister william hague has defended the government's role in helping to overthrow the dictator . about 800 people are believed to have died when a boat carrying migrants overturned off libyan waters, south of the italian island
delrea good of portage, indiana says that on march 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for porter county sheriff's department patrolman william marshall . good was speeding and was driving at 54 mph in a 35 mph zone at 11:21 p.m. good has no criminal history and says that if she is convicted of a felony then her job will be in jeopardy .
dominika petrinova was furious after her boyfriend erik meldik's prank . the 27-year-old burst into tears when she was told her dog was in the wash . mr meldik then revealed the 'joke' and that her pet was safe and sound . so ms petrinova decided to exact her revenge in a painful prank of her own .
tony abbott says eu should 'urgently' follow australia's hardline 'stop the boats' policy . the australian pm sends naval gunboats to turn back asylum seekers before they reach australia . he said: 'the only way you can stop the deaths is to stop the boats'
zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi is a leader of the terrorist group lashkar-e-taiba . he was charged in pakistan in 2009, accused of masterminding the 2008 mumbai attacks .
michelle o'clee, 39, was cruelly duped by her bigamist husband andrew, 36 . he explained away his long absences with a web of lies involving witness protection, police escorts and serious fraud . he secretly moved in with finance manager philippa campbell, who lived 40 miles away . he went on to marry her in a lavish wedding while michelle was pregnant .
residents of ceion, new york, hometown of the famous comedienne, reacted with shock and horror when the 'i love lucy' statue was unveiled in 2009 . following a recent social media campaign to have the statue removed, sculptor dave poulin called it 'by far my most unsettling sculpture' poulin has offered to fix the sculpture for free .
london mayor has been largely invisible at a national level despite being the second best known tory in the country . growing calls from conservative mps for mr johnson to be ‘weaponised’ as the party seeks to break away from labour .
aaron cresswell has been a consistent performer for west ham this season . chelsea and manchester city are rumoured to be interested in the defender . sam allardyce believes cresswell would be better off staying at upton park .
nicola sturgeon pledged to form alliances with the greens and plaid cymru . 'i don’t think the country can afford more austerity,' she said . she would make a decision on an issue-by-issue basis .
andrew getty's death "appears to be natural (causes) or an accident," coroner says . gordon getty, 81, has a net worth of $2.1 billion, according to forbes .
lorraine valentine suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria (epp) which causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when she is exposed to sunlight or uv light . a holiday abroad left the 42-year-old in hospital for six days as the heat caused her entire body to swell . her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered, as even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain .
jordan spieth wins masters at augusta . equals tiger woods' 1997 record of 18 under par . spieth's sister ellie, 14, is autistic .
'naughty nicola' painting hangs in sturgeon's suburban glasgow home . depicts her as dominatrix in red dress, black suspenders and whip in hand . but she is 'tickled' by image, so much so she was given it as birthday gift . husband peter murrell credited with transforming her from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman – on the brink of holding the balance of power .
maryland gov. martin o'malley says hillary clinton's inevitability is not unbreakable . o'malley: "history is full of examples where the inevitable frontrunner was inevitable"
ronald butcher left his entire fortune to daniel sharp after he died in 2013 . but his relatives and family friends insist that the will is invalid . they say that the builder is lying about his friendship with mr butcher .
the u.s. senate voted on thursday to approve loretta lynch as president barack obama's next attorney general . the first black woman to become the top u.s. law enforcement official, lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote . absent from the final vote was texas senator ted cruz - a key opponent of lynch's nomination .
christian longo murdered his wife and three children in oregon in 2001 . he then went on a booze-fuelled holiday to mexico where he posed as a reporter . he was arrested and charged with murder and sentenced to death . a film about his life, true story, has been released and he believes he can no longer be redeemed for his crimes . he wrote letters to people from oregon state penitentiary in salem .
four-vehicle pile-up happened in goodge street, central london this morning . involved an audi tt, a mercedes, believed to have been operated as a minicab . two people were treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash . it forced the closure of the road near the junction with tottenham court road .
palestinian authority becomes 123rd member of the international criminal court . the move gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in palestinian territories . palestinians signed the icc's founding rome statute in january .
sheldon nadelman, 80, worked at terminal bar, a 41st street and 8th avenue watering hole open until 1982 . he would meet and photograph the women as they came in at eight in the morning for three shots of cognac before going out to walk the streets . his amateur work, which includes thousands of portraits from the period, often focused on the street trash can he could see .
ben stokes was at the centre of everything on the first day of the second test at the grenada national stadium in saint george's . stokes went wicketless in 32 overs in the first test, even throwing away a dismissal for the second time by overstepping . stokes struck immediately when he came on to bowl and became embroiled in a heated dispute with marlon samuels that led to him being admonished by umpire steve davis .
ian gibson, 55, was crushed to death by a baby elephant in zimbabwe . the big game hunter was measuring its ivory for a u.s. client . gibson was a lauded figure among u.s. safari enthusiasts .
chad bernstein's guitars over guns pairs middle-school students with professional musicians . since 2008, bernstein's nonprofit has worked with more than 225 students in miami-dade county .
real madrid reserve boss zinedine zidane has praised eden hazard . hazard could be named pfa player of the year this weekend . cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi are both spectacular, but hazard excites him more .
xue feng returned to his family in houston on friday following his release from beijing's no. 2 prison . the 50-year-old was detained in november of 2007 and sentenced in 2010 on charges of illegally gathering information on china's oil industry . president obama personally lobbied for xue's release, saying his alleged crimes didn't warrant the harshness of his sentence .
cressida bonas, 26, says she is more than happy being single . she was catapulted into the limelight thanks to her relationship with prince harry . but now, as her acting career looks set to take off, she says she is more than happy being single . ‘i’m a strong, independent woman,’ she says in a new interview .
the grand adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world's most elusive and enchanting wildlife . the safari can be taken separately, but also as an epic world tour over 203 days, taking in 21 destinations . on each ‘ultimate safari’, guests will be guided across the globe on a carefully planned itinerary, taking them through africa, asia and the indian subcontinent .
kira hollis, 27, from tamworth, staffordshire, was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago . she had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts . at just 6st, she was deemed clinically underweight . doctors ordered her to go to the gym in a bid to gain some weight . there, she turned her life around and is now a personal trainer .
'when hillary clinton travels there's going to need to be two planes, one for her and her entourage, one for her baggage,' paul said during remarks at a new hampshire gop summit taking place in nashua this weekend . 'i'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering,' paul said, predicting that she'd soon have new questions to answer about her family foundation's donations from foreign actors . clinton embarked on a cross-
the minnesota vikings say they "look forward to adrian rejoining the vikings" adrian peterson will be reinstated as an active player friday, the league says . the nfl suspended him in november over allegations he disciplined his son too harshly .
maria sidorova and lidia fetisova hugged and kissed stephen the bear . organisers wanted to highlight importance of living 'side-by-side' with bears . but in one picture, a model was shown wearing a fur coat despite message .
nigel farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners . official figures show more than half of those diagnosed in britain were born overseas . labour leader ed miliband branded the comments ‘disgusting’ . former england captain gary lineker wrote on twitter: ‘always reluctant to offer a political view, but farage is a d***!’ .
cheryl heineman, 45, a third-grade teacher from florida, was arrested wednesday at central avenue elementary school in kissimmee . she is accused of selling narcotics to an undercover officer with her 20-year-old lover, jack lindsey . heineman is married and has three sons .
jared quirk, 18, was in athens with classmates from rockland, massachusetts, to see the ancient world . he fell to the ground while walking through the city with friends, for reasons which are not yet clear . quirk, who played basketball, baseball, and football at the school, died a hospital in the greek capital after being taken there by ambulance .
angelique kerber beat maria sharapova 2-6, 7-5, 6-1 at the porsche grand prix . kerber fought back from losing the first set to oust the russian . sharapova had won her previous 13 matches in stuttgart .
hayley adams, 29, of barnstaple, devon, caught on cctv in william tanner's bedroom . mr tanner, 89, had been living with his daughter angela wrenn, 56 . ms wrenn had expressed concern that his money kept going missing . but she was shocked to discover culprit was a trusted relative . while adams admitted taking about £65, she was convicted of three counts of theft .
experts from centre for international research in the humanities and social sciences (cirhus) in new york city studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread . they concluded northern europeans in the neolithic period initially rejected farming, which was spreading throughout the continent . farming enabled groups of people to move away from foraging and hunting as a means of survival and sparked a ‘major economic revolution’ .
michael vaughan has emerged as the favourite to be england's new director of england cricket . vaughan spoke to ecb chief executive tom harrison on thursday . andrew strauss and alec stewart are also in the frame for the role .
blackpool drew 1-1 with reading at bloomfield road on saturday . pre-match supporters protested against chairman karl oyston . grant hall scored an own goal to earn the royals a point .
police say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound near the buffet at m resort spa and casino in henderson, nevada . one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries . several people who had gone to the buffet for an easter meal posted tweets expressing their shock at the incident .
the bbc has been accused of dumbing down the proms by holding an ibiza-style party . this year's proms will include a late-night concert hosted by dj pete tong . it will pay homage to ibiza and its 'inspirational, energetic brand of club music' live music at the so-called pete tong prom will be played by the jules buckley heritage orchestra .
bob heslip, 50, suffers from neurofibromatosis type 1, or nf-1, which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body . the noncancerous lumps began appearing around puberty and became more severe as he aged . he accepted todd ray's offer to join the venice beach freakshow and said for the first time in his life he feels comfortable in his skin .
emma hannigan was diagnosed with the faulty brca1 gene in 2005 . the 42-year-old had a double mastectomy and oophorectomy the following year . but despite the drastic surgery, she was diagnosed with breast cancer . she has battled the disease nine times in the last seven years . mrs hannigan is now undergoing chemotherapy every three weeks .
pentagon map shows coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of iraqi territory seized by isis . afzal ashraf is a counterinsurgency specialist and consulting fellow at the royal united services institute .
the egyptian-themed mansion, advertised as pharaoh’s palace on its website, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in tampa . an august 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'midsummer night wet dream' got the mansion, bought by canadian millionaire gordon lownds, its first noise complaint . after months of complaints both lownds and sean grey, the mansion's manager, got hit with code violations .
the mouse called ventus x has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory . it provides ‘enhanced modern technology and classic design that fits all gamers and bring style to gaming,’ according to the taiwan-based firm that makes it . some realistic combat and multiplayer games tap into the body’s flight or fight response, causing adrenaline to surge through gamers’ bodies .
sunderland have not suspended adam johnson despite child sex charges . the 27-year-old has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming . johnson will appear at peterlee magistrates court on may 20 . the midfielder could face up to 14 years in prison if found guilty .
kell brook faces frankie gavin at london's o2 arena on may 20 . amir khan's father shah says promoter eddie hearn has been 'disrespectful' . khan is preparing to announce chris algieri as his opponent .
alex hales has nine england caps to date, since his debut against india last august . but hales has played in only five of england's subsequent 18 matches . the batsman has batted instead at number three on three occasions .
emma watson, 25, celebrated her 25th birthday yesterday . she has already starred in 17 films, two campaigns and a un ambassador . here, femail charts her 14 years in the spotlight that have made her a global icon .
stevie mccrorie beat lucy o'byrne in the final of the voice uk . his mentor ricky wilson is confident he can break the curse of previous winners who have failed to do anything but flop out of the charts . leanne mitchell has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer .
angelique kerber came from a set down to beat caroline wozniacki . the german won 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 in stuttgart on sunday . it is kerber's second title of the season .
saturday night live mocked hillary clinton's decision to announce her candidacy on social media this week . kate mckinnon and vanessa bayer are set to record a cellphone video of the democrat . clinton is expected to reveal via video that she is taking another stab at what she believes is 'the highest and hardest glass ceiling' .
footage shows three-year-old luiz antonio from brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table . but instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from . his mother reassures him that she only cooked using the octopuses 'little legs chopped'
the nfl announced today that greg hardy will be suspended without pay for 10 games at the start of the 2015 season . hardy was convicted last july of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, nicki holder . the 25-year-old was dropped by his previous team, the carolina panthers, because of these charges last season .
franck ribery says he turned down real madrid five years ago . the french winger says he was told he could be as important to bayern munich as lionel messi was to barcelona . ribery fell out with then-bayern head coach louis van gaal . the 32-year-old says real were willing to pay for him .
lisa heath, 45, was an assistant at willowtown community primary school . she initially denied carrying amphetamines, saying they were planted on her . but she later changed her story and accepted a caution for possession . she has now been suspended from teaching at the school in gwent .
there were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles . while people were concerned that the tortoise hatchlings would get eaten by predators, tortoises are unable to swim like the sea turtle . gopher tortoises are protected by florida law and sea turtles are on florida's endangered species or threatened survival list .
noah, who is little-known in the us, rocketed to national fame last month after he was named as longtime host stewart's replacement on the satirical news program . he was spotted taking in a baseball game in new york on monday along with jerry seinfeld, larry david and broadway star matthew broadrick . earlier noah and seinfeld had been photographed filming a segment for seinfeld's acclaimed comedians in cars getting coffee online series .
chad mendes beat ricardo lamas in the first round in fairfax, virginia . the fight ensured mendes retained his no 1 featherweight ranking . mendes came into the fight on the back of a decision loss against jose aldo .
values prevalent in certain asian communities are 'totally unacceptable' sajid javid said a 'misplaced sense of political correctness' prevented authorities from properly investigating claims of abuse . comments come after inquiries into sexual abuse of vulnerable girls .
the mother-to-be, whose name is injaz, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born from a surrogate mother . injaz was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally . it took five years of work before injaz was cloned .
44-page document was commissioned by executives at the bbc . they hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used . emoji designers were also told to make graphics for stars' faces . bosses at radio 1 and radio 1 extra were sent the guide this week . bbc used 'sad face' emoticon to describe death of world's oldest woman .
italian photographer giovanna griffo, 42, was in iceland to capture the aurora borealis in all their glory . griffo led a group of her students to vik and hella in the south of iceland where they were blown away by the solar storm . griffo, who is based in latina, teaches photography and post-production in seminars all around italy .
memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the nba's southwest division with a 100-92 win over oklahoma city . the grizzlies defence were key, shutting down thunder star russell westbrook repeatedly . san antonio stayed within two games of that fight over the no 2 playoff seed by routing denver . brooklyn extended its winning streak with a narrow victory over toronto, chicago win a tight struggle against detroit and milwaukee overpower boston
stephanie scott, 26, was last seen at a woolworths supermarket at leeton, 550km west of sydney, on easter sunday afternoon . her fiancé aaron leeson-woolley said she was excited about her wedding day . police have launched a state-wide search for the teacher .
inspectors in welshpool and llandrindod wells accused of being too lax . investigation carried out by officials from powys county council . they could not understand why council was losing money on parking restrictions .
donnell graham, 35, fatally shot his wife, shaquana graham, 33, and another man in a room at the quality inn in springettsbury township, pennsylvania, police say . the york county coroner's office says donnell graham fatally shot his wife and another man before turning the gun on himself early sunday morning . the 33-year-old woman was found shot in the head while the 25-year-old man had been killed by gunshots to the chest .
gareth silk let his friends plan a stag do in cwmbran, south wales . they were inspired by the hilarious money supermarket advert . the group earned cheers, clapping and even policemen waved and laughed .
a national counterterrorism center advisory group, ordered by the white house, is expected to recommend what would mark a radical shift in us hostage policy . the group interviewed families of hostages, including the parents of james foley, who was killed by islamic state fighters . the family of us contractor warren weinstein, who was snatched by al-qaeda in pakistan in 2011, confirmed it had paid a ransom to try to secure his release .
woman, named locally as nguyen thi hang, 35, was travelling with hand luggage . she was asked to weigh her luggage at tan son nhat international airport . the woman placed her luggage on the scales, but lashed out hitting worker .
two women aged 47 and 22 and two men aged 24 and 22 were held at manchester airport in the early hours of this morning . they were among eight relatives stopped at the turkish border with syria on april 1 with waheed ahmed, the 21-year-old son of labour councillor shakil ahmed . the group is understood to include waheed's aunt, two of his male cousins, his cousin's wife and their children .
surveillance video appears to show det. ian cyrus stashing cash in a bag . the detectives had arrested two employees for selling loose cigarettes .
edwin 'jock' mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets aged between 15 and 25 . southwark crown court heard he had a preference for overseas women . he 'isolated and kept' vulnerable women so he could sexually abuse them . one woman fell pregnant after mee raped her in a locked waiting room, jurors told . mee raped a 19-year-old from sierra leone after asking her for sex .
amanda taylor, 24, charged with first-degree murder in stabbing death of her former father-in-law, 59-year-old charles taylor . taylor allegedly blamed her husband for introducing her husband to drugs at a young age and driving him to suicide last year . she also faces federal attempted murder, assault and weapons charges in north carolina for allegedly trying to kill sean ball, 32 . ball remains hospitalized with life-threatening injuries .
kevin rebbie, 56, of limerick township, pennsylvania, faces several charges, including aggravated indecent assault and unlawful contact with a minor . the investigation began when a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera under the sink in her bathroom in march . she told investigators that rebbie had been watching her for years when she was undressing and when he believed she was asleep . investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom .
mailonline has developed an exclusive mensa test to see if you have the level of intelligence needed to mingle smartest . the mensa puzzles are designed to stimulate memory, concentration, agility, perception and reasoning, which all contribute to a high iq . adam kirby became the youngest person ever to join mensa in june 2013 at the age of just two and a half .
tottenham face burnley at turf moor on sunday in the premier league . ben davies and sam vokes were part of the wales team which beat israel 3-0 in their euro 2016 qualifying tie in haifa on saturday . davies insists there can be no quarter given if he gets the chance of a first appearance for spurs since the 2-1 win at qpr .
huma abedin, 38, was spotted with husband anthony weiner and son jordan, two, at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday . abedin and clinton were seen ordering a burrito bowl and a salad in an iowa chipotle but came under fire after staff complained abedin did not put any change in the tip jar . abedin and clinton were seen in an iowa chipotle earlier this week .
craig 'lazie' lynch, 34, is serving nine years for a series of violent robberies . use of computers, social media and mobile phones is strictly forbidden behind bars . but he has been free to run a sneering facebook site from his bedford prison . a former friend claims he is using it to make huge profits from websites .
shadow cabinet ministers branded industry leaders who signed letter as members of '1%' lord prescott suggested signatories were 'tax dodgers, tory donors and non doms' business spokesman chuka umunna raised stakes, suggesting former diageo boss paul walsh should no longer take over as head of the cbi .
benjamin carr, 22, harboured hatred of mother-of-five pennie davis, 47 . he ordered justin robertson, 36, to kill her after she threatened to accuse him of being a paedophile . mrs davis was stabbed 13 times as she tended her horses in beaulieu, hampshire . robertson accepted just £1,500 and was paid in counterfeit notes .
joselyn alejandra ni ⁇ o is believed to have been killed, dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the mexican border last sunday . she gained notoriety in january when a picture of her grasping a modified m4 assault rifle with an innocent smile began circulating online . the woman, who looks like she is in her late teens or early 20s, began operating under the name rio bravo .
jose mourinho hit back at arsene wenger during pre-match press conference . chelsea host arsenal at the emirates stadium on sunday . wenger and mourinho have over a decade of combined experience .
thailand lifts martial law, replacing it with a controversial new security order . the order gives military personnel powers to issue summons and arrest those who commit crimes . human rights watch says it marks the country's "deepening descent into dictatorship"
lord janner escaped prosecution for a string of child abuse allegations . but cps decided fresh evidence against him was not worth pursuing . lord macdonald qc said lawyers failed to pass new evidence to him . he said: 'it is a matter of great regret that i was never informed of this case in 2007'
dana marie mckinnon, 24, charged with dui manslaughter and vehicular homicide . she slammed into orlando businessman vihn vo, 42, in may 2013 . mckinnon was 21 at the time of the crash and was under the influence of alcohol . a couple who were on their way to melbourne rushed to save vihn vo .
pele and franz beckenbauer were reunited in new york on friday . the pair played for new york cosmos in the late 1970s . cosmos went bankrupt in the following years, only returning in 2010 .
tony degrafreed, of indianapolis, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife rebecca degrafreed, 47, at their home on july 20, 2014 . marion county prosecutor's office filed the request on monday, for life without the chance of parole for degrafreed . rebecca degrafreed was discovered in the couple’s bedroom with a bloody baseball bat next to her body and a knife on the bed .
holly littlefield, 16, was branded 'holly bin laden' by other pupils, court heard . she was arrested after zoe gregory, 26, sent email hoax to blow up school . gregory pleaded guilty to communicating false information at norwich court . she will be sentenced at crown court on friday .
kevin russ traveled from california to colorado, making his way through arizona, texas and new mexico . the traveling photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years as he's journeyed across the country to take photographs .
tola ore, 32, admitted one count of fraud at the old bailey today . she fitted a keyboard video mouse to the usb port of her computer in santander bank in palmers green, north london . ore was due to stand trial this week but admitted her part in the scam . the fraudsters attempted to deposit £1,274,000 into 12 different bank accounts over the course of one morning on july 23, 2013 .
if benny and bjorn laboured under surrendering misapprehension, they would have discovered the truth when they visited the wellington museum . napoleon certainly didn’t surrender at waterloo . there was a long day’s fighting on that june day in 1815 and a very shaky start for the uk team, but thanks to some late-arriving prussian assistance, the boy wellington eventually done good .
u.n. security council adjourns with no decision announced . russia submits draft resolution calling for a halt to airstrikes . red cross official: "we need to save the lives that can be saved"
medical incident officer joined team caring for patients at worcestershire royal hospital . it came as west midlands ambulance service demanded action following delays . nhs england has missed four-hour waiting time target for 28th week in a row .
obbi oulare scored as club brugge came from behind to beat anderlecht . the 19-year-old is being watched by scouts from manchester united, everton, sunderland, burnley, dortmund and leverkusen . oulare is the son of former guinea international souleymane oulare .
tomas berdych beat juan monaco 6-3, 6-4 in the miami open quarter-finals . it is the eighth seed's first meeting with andy murray since the australian open semi-final which murray won in four sets . berdych is coached by murray's former assistant dani vallverdu .
two french backpackers set alight a native australian quokka in rottnest island . using a deodorant can and a lighter, the men torch the defenseless creature . the quokka scampered away but was singed by the flame . both men were fined $4000 and will be held behind bars for seven days .
fish and chips has become a british institution as well as a national money-spinner . but just as tea originates in india or china, fish and chips is partly portuguese and partly belgian . femail reveals the seemingly very english things that have actually been brought to england by people from abroad .
frances clarkson showed off her holiday tan in a white bikini in barbados . the 53-year-old jet skied in the clear blue waters two days earlier . she accessorised with a help for heroes wristband and swept her hair up . the bbc announced last month they were dropping clarkson from the hit motoring show after a 'fracas' involving a top gear producer .
bradley johnson scored a second-half winner for brighton at the amex stadium . nathan redmond had only been on the pitch for six minutes when he made the decisive intervention . the norwich striker showed his delight after scoring what turned out to be the winning goal .
70% of those laying down their hard earned cash are convinced the world is on the verge of welcoming a new princess . there have been 34 kings and only six queens over the course of the british monarchy's thousand-year history .
cadbury's fingers will contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on . join creme eggs, pg tips teabags and even john west tuna in shrinking list . which? reveals a host of products shrinking while price stays the same .
philip dunning 44, from bo'ness, west lothian, gave notice as shift manager . he went in for his 4am shift at caledonia produce the next day . told his boss he was quitting and kept winning ticket in his wallet .
thiago silva is recovering at home from a thigh injury . zlatan ibrahimovic, marco verratti and thiago motta are all on the sidelines . david luiz is still not fully fit as he recovers from a thigh problem .
ricardo rodriguez scored from the penalty spot to secure 1-0 win . wolfsburg join borussia dortmund in the german cup semi-finals . holders bayern munich play bayer leverkusen in another all-bundesliga clash .
the anthem of the seas has arrived in southampton, uk, for its naming ceremony on april 20 . the world's third-largest joint ship, owned by royal caribbean, is expecting more than 80,000 people to travel on board this summer . passengers will experience robotic bartenders, be able to take part in circus skills training activities and even go on a virtual sky dive .
willa junior fell asleep while loading a plane at seattle-tacoma airport on april 13 and woke up when a piece of luggage landed on his head . the baggage handler, who appears to be in his early 20s, didn't explain how he fell asleep but says it used to be common practice . since it was pitch black inside the cargo hold, junior was confused and disoriented but quickly realized that the plane was moving . he called his company, menzies aviation, but the person who answered the call thought it was a prank
a photo of a 'drunken' young woman was posted on soho nightclub’s facebook page on april 3 . the photo was posted a week after luke lazarus was sentenced for raping an 18-year-old girl at the venue . the 23-year-old privileged son of andrew lazarus, the owner of the venue in sydney’s kings cross, was jailed for at least three years for the crime on march 27 . the club has apologised and
ronald koeman accepts it will be difficult to keep hold of nathaniel clyne . manchester united are preparing a bid for the england right back . clyne is out of contract next summer and talks are ongoing with the club . click here for all the latest southampton news .
ed miliband, natalie bennett and nicky morgan quizzed on sexting . green party leader said it is 'ok for other adults but not for me' mr miliband said pm's questions were a 'bad advert for all of us' . mr clegg said: 'sitting through 30 minutes of cameron and miliband yelling at each other every wednesday!'
the test was carried out by cardiff-based iphone repairs specialist iphonefixed.co.uk . it used a sapphire screen from a 38mm apple watch for its experiment . two out of the three models of apple watches, which are available to pre-order from today, have sapphire glass screens . the screen is made from synthetic sapphire, which is created by applying heat and pressure to aluminium oxide powder . here, it withstands being rubbed against a stone wall, keyed and even hit with a hammer .
uk clocked up growth of 2.8% in 2014 - the strongest in the group of seven . this is seven times higher than france's 0.4% growth . uk expected to cement position as one of fastest growing economies in west . imf is forecasting ‘solid’ growth of 2.7% this year and 2.3% in 2016 .
rectangular island of por-bajin was found in the centre of a lake in deepest siberia . it is located 3,800km from moscow near the mongolian border . experts say it could have been anything from a summer palace to a monastery .
south korean defender kim min hyeok allegedly stamped on mu kanazaki's face after being jostled by 11th-placed kashima antlers player kanazaki . hyeok was somehow only shown a yellow card and allowed to play on, much to the fans' uproar .
atlanta hawks star thabo sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six nypd cops in a late-night incident that saw an indiana pacers player stabbed . video taken outside a nightclub in chelsea, new york, appears to show sefolosha being grabbed around the neck and bundled over . moments later, video shows his teammate pero anti ⁇  being led away from the scene in handcuffs .
ukip leader said he had to 'confess' that he was happier accepting migrants from commonwealth countries such as australian and india . remarks come after mr farage demanded that refugees fleeing to europe across the mediterranean are sent back . mr farage has also admitted that he went 'a bit wonky' and made mistakes at the start of ukip's election campaign .
manuel pellegrini says manchester city's academy players are not ready . pellegrini's assertions suggest city may look to invest in homegrown talent . premier league regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players . fa chairman greg dyke is pushing for the figure to be raised to 12 .
edward fride, the pastor at christ the king in ann arbor, michigan, suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license . he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant there had been a 'significant reduction in the availability of an armed police response' his letter was called ‘we’re not in mayberry anymore, toto’ in a reference to the andy griffith show set in a north carolina town in the 1960s .
premier league stars could face an advertising watchdog probe . david silva and phil jagielka among a dozen players sponsored by adidas . they urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods on twitter . celebrities and sports stars are cashing in by turning twitter into advertising platform . watchdog has previously banned a nike campaign featuring tweets from wayne rooney, one of its brand ambassadors .
the 20-day-old 'spider goat' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs . farmer xiao qibin said the kid is healthy and growing quickly .
olivia munn will play betsy braddock in "x-men: apocalypse" munn will join a cast that includes james mcavoy, michael fassbender and jennifer lawrence . "apocalypse" is currently in production for a summer 2016 release .
rachel sandridge, 29, from maryland, was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs . durring the prep her doctor discovered she had stomach cancer . she had to lose weight to qualify for the surgery and then underwent a routine endoscopy, to examine her digestive tract to ensure it was all healthy .
nigella will present simply nigella on bbc 2 for first time in three years . will focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating' will be nigella's first solo venture with bbc since breakdown of marriage .
glenna kohl of barnstable spent years in the sun as a cape cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college . she was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a rhode island college in 2005 . three years later, at just 26 years old, glenna would be dead after a painful cancer battle . her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young .
chris ramsey believes he is the right man to bring long-term success to qpr . ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in february . west ham's sam allardyce and bournemouth's eddie howe have both been linked with ramsey's job in the summer .
anthony ray hinton, 58, spent nearly 30 years on alabama's death row . he was convicted of killing two men, but always said he was innocent . a new trial was ordered in 2014 after firearms experts testified that the revolver hinton was said to have used couldn't be matched to other evidence .
map was created by the german aerospace center (dlr) it covers the vast crater-strewn highland region of the red planet, parts of the ares vallis outflow channel, the chaotic aram chaos region and the meridiani planum and chryse planitia plains . the mosaic, pieced together by the german aerospace center (dlr), comprises 1.4 million square miles (2.3 million square km)
gabriel ng spent hours filming thailand’s coastline, religious sites and scenes of everyday life . the six-minute video contains breathtaking sights that make it clear why thailand is a favourite destination for tourists . he filmed most of the scenes on the island of ko samui, in the gulf of thailand, during a solo trip to visit family .
katie hamilton said there was no 'big fight or blow up' which caused marriage to end . she said 'nothing sparked it' and slammed reports she cheated on hamilton as 'entirely false' hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse . katie has a daughter from a previous relationship and three more daughters with hamilton .
lee thompson co-founded the flash pack, a small group flashpacking tour company in vietnam & cambodia . thompson has seen plenty in his 14 years covering the civil war in libya, the revolution in egypt and the tsunami in japan . in vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters .
emily grimson, 25, from shropshire, has only been modelling for a year . has appeared in adverts for bosch, disney and sunday times style . moisturises hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best .
manchester city keen to sign anderlecht teenager evangelos patoulidis . the 14-year-old has attracted interest from arsenal and barcelona . patoulidis rejected a move to barcelona's la masia academy when he was 12 .
ukip leader said it was a 'reasonable proposition' to charge for a&e visits . he also revealed he is finding the election campaign 'knackering' ukip supporters should consider switching to back the tories, he said .
joe root showed plenty of grit, as well as talent, in yet another big innings for england . root has bounced back from a difficult ashes tour to prove himself as a quality test batsman . root has been superb in his middle-order role, and should not be moved up the batting card .
reporter ashley roberts was on the this morning show in minnesota when her boyfriend, justin mccray, proposed to her while she was on air . ashley's co-workers helped arrange the proposal .
prime minister has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion . said he made 'no apology' for focusing on economy, insisting 'nothing matters more' will appeal to small firms and the self-employed, saying labour sneers at those who work hard, his party backs them . yesterday, mr cameron defended his campaign against criticism it is too narrow .
lance corporal riki hughes stole £17,000 from tidworth town football club . he claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord . but the team was actually getting its property for free, salisbury crown court heard . hughes, 31, spent the money on camping equipment and a stag trip .
marks & spencer is stocking the bouea macrophylla – or mango plum . it has been nicknamed the plango after years of work with growers in thailand . the fruit has a bright orange edible skin, which is firmer than a plum . it has a sweet taste similar to an alphonso mango but with a softer texture .
barcelona host almeria in la liga on wednesday night . luis enrique is not concerned by neymar's recent goal drought . neymar has not scored for barcelona since february 15 . the brazil international has not scored since the turn of the year . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
prime minister says he will amend working times regulations for three days . volunteers would be able to take time to volunteer in a block or flexibly . but business leaders criticise the move as heavy-handed government intervention .
jeffrey okafor, 24, is accused of stabbing carl beatson-asiedu, 19, to death . okafor then fled to nigeria on his brother's passport, woolwich crown court heard . okafor, of east dulwich, denies murder and the trial continues .
ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to sats answers at mitton manor primary school in tewkesbury, gloucestershire . the 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil's exam answers himself . the department for education annulled the whole school's sats results .
if you know where to look and when to book you can holiday like millionaire . from private islands and aston martins to castles and 75ft yachts . jetsuite.com lets those with a far smaller bank balance book private jets .
billionaire tycoon jim ratcliffe wants to build a 'carbon-neutral' beach house . the 62-year-old wants to demolish an existing beach hut in the new forest . mr ratcliffe claims the new house will be his only residence in the uk . the building has been designed by charles morris, the architect responsible for the orchard room at prince charles's highgrove estate .
olympique lyonnais beat bastia 2-0 at the stade de gerland on wednesday . mohamed yattara opened the scoring before alexandre lacazette doubled lyon's lead . french champions paris saint-germain are two points off the pace .
northampton face clermont auvergne in the champions cup quarter-final . courtney lawes made a trademark hit on france fly-half jules plisson . the england lock has been derided as a thug in the six nations .
the woman and child were stranded in their car around 9:30 a.m. friday on a rural highway in lee county, kentucky . around 11:30 a.m., the car was swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them . authorities in louisville, kentucky, made more than 100 water rescues early friday as a severe storm's persistent downpour flooded roads .
kevin perz, 56, a father-of-four and business owner, graduated from parkway central high school in chesterfield, missouri in 1977 . he has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days . over the past few years he has been mailing them a 'gift' - a $10,000 check . however the person he really wanted to surprise - his home economics teacher - was the hardest to find . perz enlisted the help of the alumni association, who went through decades-old board
robert streeter and robert hoehn set out to discover clever people in the 1930s by publishing a book . now their book has been republished and here we offer you a selection of its tortuous tests .
sanjay chaddah claimed dean paton kicked him and called him a 'p**i' he was caught on cctv accusing him of racially aggravated assault . but police discovered altercation had been caught on cctv . chaddah was given a six-month suspended sentence .
neuroscientists at ucla examined the brains of 90 women, 44 of whom took the pill, and 46 who experienced natural cycles . found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the contraceptive pill . the changes could be responsible for increased anxiety and depressive symptoms experienced by some women on the pill .
josh darnbrough, 24, passed out at a friend's party in mossley, near ashton . his mate rob gaskell, also 24, inked the words 'if found face down call an ambulance' on josh's back using an at-home kit . josh only discovered the prank the following day after looking in a mirror .
elena klimova, 26, runs children 404 - an online support group for young people about coming out and dealing with discrimination . she regularly receives obscene hate-filled rants from strangers telling her she's 'disgusting' and should kill herself . elena has publicly shamed her trolls by posting their identities online .
christopher eccleston, 51, played the doctor for just 13 episodes in 2005 . he proved a huge hit with fans but only stayed for one run after falling out with then show boss russell t davies . he has suggested he quit the show after falling out with bosses over his decision to play the character with a strong northern accent .
lidia quilligana was arrested in danbury, connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl . this after the girl's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl . quilligana is charged with first degree assault of a child under 10 years old and criminal mischief and will appear again in court on april 22 .
kady marsh, from melbourne, took her seven-week-old baby aside to breastfeed at a popular sydney hotel . hotel management told her she couldn't breastfeed because the area was for 'over 18s only' kady was asked to move to a quiet corner of the lounge area with baby isla . she says she was told to use a disabled toilet with a change table .
hundreds of survivalists and so-called 'preppers' descended on salt lake city, utah, on friday for nation's first ever preppercon . during two-day expo, they learned new ways to store food, tried out solar-powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies . also met actors from amc hit show 'the walking dead', including addy miller, who took pictures with fans and acted as judge in emergency preparedness food cook-off .
joni mitchell was found unconscious in her home a month ago . a longtime friend of mitchell files a legal petition to be named her conservator .
lithuanian talk show accused norway of stealing their children . an hour with ruta claimed foreign children were being fostered with norwegian parents to strengthen country's 'genetic material' norway's child protection service argued that it was deliberately targeting lithuanian children which were seen as a 'sought-after commodity'
the cheltenham office of global company moose toys has a cubby-house meeting room at the top of a beanstalk . staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the employee of the year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday of their choice . moose toys said the company is all about putting smiles on the faces of kids across the globe .
simon wood, 38, from oldham won masterchef last friday . he hasn't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson . learns about cooking from reading recipe books or watching tv . sharpens his skills by practising on his four children - liam, 20, alex, 18, cameron, 16, and charlotte, seven .
alice dreger attended class at east lansing high school, michigan, this week . her son asked her to sit in on the class so she could hear what was going on . ms dreger sent out 45 tweets during the lesson about pre-marital sex . the school denies teaching abstinence, saying it only teaches it .
a 54-year-old man carrying a suspicious package climbed a white house fence . the package was deemed harmless, a secret service source says .
mohammed tahir, 53, of leytonstone, east london, got off his train at mile end . he followed her onto a central line service and stood as close to her as he could . tahir rubbed his crotch and pot belly on her thigh and bottom . he was given a six-month prison sentence suspended for two years .
petr cech looks certain to leave chelsea at the end of the season . the gunners are long-term admirers of the chelsea goalkeeper . liverpool, psg, roma and inter milan are all interested in the 32-year-old .
raheem sterling will still be a liverpool player next season, insists brendan rodgers . sterling has turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal at anfield . the 20-year-old started liverpool's 4-1 defeat at arsenal on saturday .
lewis hamilton won the bahrain grand prix on sunday . hamilton has won nine of the last 11 grands prix . the brit has been on pole at the last four races . hamilton holds a 27-point cushion in the drivers' standings .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will meet in las vegas on may 2 . 30-second clip was put together by both fighters' marketing team . pay-per-view watchers in america will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) sky won the bidding war to screen the fight and customers will be charged £19.95 for access .
andy murray faces tomas berdych in the miami open semi-final . the brit beat kim sears in the australian open semi-final in january . murray's former fitness trainer jez green and coach danny vallverdu left murray to join berdych's team .
brittany huber and john redman were killed in a car crash on a georgia highway just days before they were to wed in may . redman, 25, survived, but was told by doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home, confined to a wheelchair . against overwhelming odds, redman recovered, and on march 24, he helped lead his team to a championship title . the dalton roadrunners beat westmont college of california 71-53 on march 24 .
kim kardashian has criticised president obama for not using word 'genocide' kardashian, whose armenian heritage comes from her father, said it was 'very disappointing' obama visited armenia to mark 100th anniversary of 1915 massacre . but he refused to call mass killings a 'genocide' for fear of offending ally turkey .
divers margo sanchez and stephanie adamson have been snapping exotic marine life for nearly a decade . the recent addition of a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots next to sharks and sting rays . the pair have travelled as far afield as papua new guinea, the maldives and virgin islands .
vincent viafore, 46, from poughkeepsie, new york, was on rough hudson river . he was thrown in on sunday evening with fiance angelika graswald . she managed to make it out of the water and call 911 . graswald was taken to hospital and treated for hypothermia .
asma fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked . the 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they were attacked . the men pelted hard boiled eggs at them from a sydney balcony . it was the second time asma has been attacked in sydney in four years .
james staring, from fit to last, a london-based personal trainer, says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat . from writing a food diary to doing short bursts of tough exercise, he reveals the best ways to lose inches around the middle .
sales of books about islam were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year . comes as a special magazine supplement from philosphie which focused in the koran saw a spike in sales .
liverpool intend to speak to jon flanagan about a new contract . flanagan's deal is set to expire this summer . the full back impressed at anfield last season .
jb holmes won the shell houston open after two play-off holes . holmes had started the day six shots off the lead . but johnson wagner saw a putt lip out on the second hole . overnight leader jordan spieth was eliminated on the first hole .
zayn announced he was leaving one direction last week amid rumours that he was set to launch a solo career . producer known as naughty boy posted a clip of what was thought to have been the 22-year-old's first single . the track entitled i won't mind sent both direction fans and one of zayn's former band mates into turmoil .
england bowled first in rain-shortened first test in grenada . devon smith was caught behind by chris jordan . replays show smith missed his outside edge before being dismissed .
yamini karanam, 26, was struggling to comprehend things she had read . she felt lost in conversations and struggled to register things in her mind . but surgeons operated to extract what they believed was a pineal tumour . they were shocked to discover the growth was an embryonic twin . known as a brain teratoma, the growth is very rare .
andras janos vass, 25, convicted of human trafficking and racketeering . lured hungarian men to u.s. with promises of easy work and high wages . forced them to perform sex work at all hours, either in person or live on webcams . vass faces a maximum sentence of 155 years in prison .
femail has pitted the best dresses on the high street against the more high-end gowns . can you tell which sets you back thousands?
britney e. montenegro, 20, was charged with disorderly conduct in orlando, florida, about 2.40am saturday . the fight is believed to have started inside a bar before spilling out onto the streets . police say the fight involved 'multiple individuals' .
palermo's paulo dybala has scored 13 league goals for palermo this season . the 21-year-old has attracted interest from manchester united, arsenal, paris saint-germain and atletico madrid . reports in italy suggest juventus have offered £23million for dybala .
richie benaud has passed away after a battle with skin cancer . the 84-year-old cricket commentator earned him the title of 'the voice of cricket' . his one-liners were often what fans remembered from important moments . he once described the scene on the field as 'a carpet of humanity' .
mandy greenwood, 39, from rochdale, greater manchester, was raped daily . father keith whitworth, now 61, jailed for 22 years for catalogue of abuse .
drone carrying asparagus tips crashed and exploded mid-journey in netherlands . owner ronald peijenburg has previously used a formula 1 car and helicopter . he said: 'this is very, very sad because it was an amateur pilot'
the air malta jet flew in the shape of two hearts shortly after takeoff . the flight was to celebrate the marriage of a pilot to a cabin crew member . the happy couple got married at malta's international airport earlier that day .
mats hummels has been consistently linked with a move to manchester united . franz beckenbauer believes hummels is at the right age to leave dortmund . hummels reiterated that he was weighing up his options after bayern .
a 32-year-old cairns man has been charged with administering medical cannabis oil to his critically ill daughter . the girl is battling a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma . she has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs . the father has pleaded for the government to rethink their cannabis laws .
asif malik, 31, his partner sara kiran, 29, and their four children were caught on cctv boarding a cross-channel ferry from dover on april 8 . thames valley police believed they arrived in france before travelling south down through europe in a bid to flee to syria . but a turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in ankara and are currently in custody .
ronnie o'sullivan took off his shoes mid-match against craig steadman . o'sullivan raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this year’s betfred world championship in sheffield . the 39-year-old could now face a fine after breaching snooker’s strict dress code .
west brom host queens park rangers at hawthorns (saturday 3pm) craig dawson will serve a six-month suspension for challenge on wilfried bony . ben foster ruled out for six months with damaged knee ligaments . mauro zarate returns to parent club west ham to regain fitness .
the new dinosaur, named yi qi, had unusual bristle-like feathers and bat-like wings that were covered in a membrane . scientists believe the dinosaur may have been able to glide and even flap . the discovery has provided new insight into how vertebrates first began to take to the air .
jason denayer is wanted back by manchester city for pre-season assessment . ronny deila admits celtic will enter champions league qualifiers minus denayer . belgian defender has been an instant hit at the parkhead .
robert ewing, 60, accused of murdering paige chivers, 15, in august 2007 . court heard he called police two weeks before she disappeared to see how officers would react to her disappearance . ewing allegedly took advantage of her 'chaotic and dysfunctional' upbringing . he denies murder and trial at preston crown court continues .
jennifer williams, a southern baptist, said that she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but 'it doesn't mean that i love them any less' georgia's senate passed legislation similar to indiana's but did not get a vote in the state's house of representatives before its legislature adjourned its session this week . the pizzeria in walkerton, indiana, plans to reopen soon after being bombarded with calls following the attention .
yarmouk, on the outskirts of damascus, has been engulfed in the syrian conflict since 2012 . isis fighters stormed the area on april 1 and unleashed a campaign of violence and killings .
a cement seal of an oil well in the gulf of mexico failed in april 2010 . 11 rig workers were killed . the government estimates 4.2 million barrels of oil spilled into the gulf .
scottish illustrator johanna basford has sold more than 1.4million copies of her colouring-in book for grown-ups, secret garden . the arty fad is said to have started in france, where it was promoted as both a therapeutic hobby and a way of rediscovering lost creativity . experts say it's a kickback against the stresses of modern life and technology, where everything has to be useful or aspirational .
dress worn by vivien leigh as she played scarlett o'hara in "gone with the wind" sells for $137,000 at an auction in beverly hills, california . it was the most sought after item among roughly 150 pieces of "gone with the wind" memorabilia on sale .
ellie marshall, 10, and taylor biggin, five, lost brother harvey last year . they decided to donate all their eggs to patients at sheffield children's hospital . kind strangers began to send eggs - and now there are more than 1,000 .
a swarm of asian carp attacked the washington university of rowing team . no rowers were injured, but the strong smell of fish lingers .
sterling has fallen nearly 5% against the us dollar in past five weeks . sell-off could accelerate and spread to stock and bond markets . lib dem analysis shows 98% of polls conducted this year to a hung parliament . all major pollsters are predicting that no party will win an overall majority .
robert preston boardwine provided his friend joyce rosemary bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using a turkey baster in 2010 . the pair disagreed on the level of involvement mr boardwine would have in the child's life, with ms bruce intent on raising him alone . the virginia court of appeals ruled tuesday that as the child's biological father, mr boardwine is more than a sperm donor .
raheem sterling is not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool . brendan rodgers described the £100,000-a-week offer as an 'incredible offer' sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal and leading clubs in spain . pfa chief executive gordon taylor has defended sterling .
mark selby beat gary wilson 10-2 in the final of the baic motor china open . world no 1 claimed his sixth ranking title and £85,000 in prize money . selby won the german masters title in february .
john helinski, 62, lived in a cardboard box on the streets of tampa bay . he struggled to apply for a place at a homeless shelter for three years . but a cop and case manager looked into his past and found a lost bank account with money and enough social security benefits to buy his house . helinski was born in poland, but he is an american citizen, has a driver's licence and a social security number .
the photograph was taken by a student at geelong college, south-west of melbourne . it is believed to show disgraced principal andrew barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock . mr barr resigned from his position at the geelong college after an investigation, which included a search of his computer .
argentina's esperanza base recorded a temperature of 17.5°c (63.5°f) over a two day period last week temperatures reached 17.4°c (63.3°f) and 17.5°c (63.5°f) this is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent .
in 1986, reactor 4 in the chernobyl power plant exploded sending radioactive particles into the air above the city of pripyat, north of kiev . the exclusion zone, a nearly 50km (31-mile) radius of contamination, runs around the plant . visitors are banned from touching anything, eating or drinking any food or drink that does not come from outside the zone . however, day trips - and even overnight stays - are permitted, now that radiation levels have decreased .
sammy griner, 8, has internet fame . his dad, justin, needs a kidney transplant .
david moore, 25, went berserk with road rage after leaving burnley home . he found himself bumper-to-bumper on congested street with rafal cegielka, 45 . pair were picking up his child from st john's primary school, burnley . moore then jumped out of his car and punched mr cegielka through window . he then ripped away a fencing panel and chased victim's vehicle with it . armed himself with hockey stick and shout
james boase was found guilty of drink driving in torquay, devon . the 36-year-old claimed he went to bed at 12.30am and must have been sleep walking . he was found next to his car which had been involved in a car crash . boase has vowed never to drink again and has been remanded on bail .
wladimir klitschko faces bryant jennings in new york on april 25 . klitschko is in his ninth year as a heavyweight champion . klitschko is catching joe louis and larry holmes in successful defences .
the mudgeeraba caravan village is home to more than 100 people . it has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence . queensland police patrol the site daily due to the extreme level of incidents . ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park under police protection .
samuel tushingham, 26, dragged his partner out of bed and attacked her . he slapped her around the head and threw a toaster at her, a court heard . district judge described him as a 'caveman' but spared him jail .
robert tomanovich first hung a noose from a tree and a confederate flag, printed with the slogan 'i ain't coming down,' on a fence at his michigan home . when neighbours complained, a second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business which operates at a second property on the same street . tomanovich, 55, has denied his actions are racist, although an employee has admitted that the second noose was a deliberate move to antagon
cristiano ronaldo, gareth bale and james rodriguez all played 90 minutes against atletico madrid on tuesday . isco and alvaro arbeloa, second-half substitutes against atletico, were present alongside regular first team players pepe and sami khedira . real madrid return to la liga action on saturday as they welcome malaga to the bernabeu .
police will have to record islamophobic attacks as separate category . some forces, including london’s metropolitan police, do record islamophobic crimes as such . other forces categorise them as hate crimes or specific offences .
researchers examined effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged 18 to 40 . half the group were given sugary drinks at breakfast, lunch and dinner . other half had drinks made with artificial sweetener aspartame . women released less cortisol during maths test than those given drinks .
jourdan dunn, 24, was scouted at primark in hammersmith, london, at 15 . the supermodel was scouted again, but was hurtfully rejected because of her skin . now she walks for balmain, topshop unique and fashion for relief .
tony mccoy is riding in his 20th grand national at aintree this week . the greatest ever jump jockey is guaranteed a roaring send-off . aintree will line the parade ring with banners from ap's 20 grand nationals .
atletico madrid defender miranda has one year left on his contract . chelsea technical director michael emenalo travelled to spain to watch the defender during atletico's 2-2 draw with malaga . miranda has also been offered to manchester united and manchester city .
7-eleven is hosting the first bring-your-own-cup slurpee day . the promotion isn't to be confused with free slurpee day .
liu siying was a podium girl at the chinese grand prix in shanghai . 23-year-old said she wasn't offended by lewis hamilton's 'selfish' stunt . sexism campaigners have condemned the british driver's behaviour .
kentucky's andrew harrison muttered 'f*** that n****' into a live microphone when another player was asked about badgers player frank kaminsky . kaminsky said 'nothing needs to be made out of it' . harrison has since apologized for the offensive slur .
glenn mason, 56, plundered accounts of nine pensioners in biggin hill, kent . he got away with thefts for almost a year before his arrest in july 2012 . mason, who was jailed for 15 months in november last year, has said he will pay back the whole £185,000 out of his rbs pension pot .
initial tests show co-pilot used controls to speed up descent, bea says . the flight data recorder, or "black box," was found thursday in a ravine in the french alps . investigators have focused on lubitz's health as they try to establish his motivation .
coleen rooney and nadine coyle have joined forces with cancer research . the ladies have also lent their faces to the ad campaign for the drive . coleen, 28, and nadine, 29, hope the shots will encourage women to join the female-only event .
kate temple, 33, was called a 'homewrecker' by victim shelley williams . she accused temple of having affair with her partner at hog roast party . temple and sister louise scollen got into scuffle at dawdon cricket club . victim threw a drink over temple and temple bit a chunk out of her ear . temple was jailed for 20 months after admitting grievous bodily harm .
rodney stover, 48, was arraigned on thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last saturday's attack in the bathroom at the turnmill bar on east 27th street . stover allegedly grabbed the victim, a long island student, by the throat, forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar . when the 23-year-old victim had entered the turnmill bar bathroom at about 7.50pm on saturday, her attacker, thought to be stover, was
language teacher suspended from auguste remoir college in limoges . suggested that panzers should invade france again to subdue pupils . also defended hitler's domestic record and his plans for overseas expansion .
chris ramsey is the only black manager in the premier league . ramsey has been vocal on racism in football in the past . john barnes said black managers find it hard to get a job after being sacked .
chelsea should have had a penalty when brazilian forward oscar nicked the ball past david ospina . cesc fabregas was booked after appearing to kick his leg out to find contact from santi cazorla . arsenal had an appeal of their own when the ball span up and caught gary cahill on the arm .
sally kohn: america has the highest incarceration rate in the world . kohn: nearly 40% of our country's prisoners are african-americans .
brian the lar gibbon was captured walking through lake district wildlife park . the 50-year-old primate was filmed by amanda dorman from scotland . video was shared over 130,000 times before the lad bible page picked it up . it has been compared to running across the landing naked when you forget your towel .
hull kr beat bradford bulls 50-30 in the ladbrokes challenge cup . winger josh mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points . rovers trailed 12-0 in the early stages before easing clear .
walter scott was jailed in 1987 after shouting obscenities at a man and pushing a deputy . scott suffered a cut and was transported to the jail . news comes as another excessive force complaint, as well as a lawsuit, is filed against michael slager stemming from his time on the north charleston police department . slager is the white officer fired this week after being charged with murder in the shooting death of a black man .
dzhokhar tsarnaev's defense team begins what could be a two-week campaign to avoid the death penalty . jurors are shown a photo of the federal supermax prison in colorado .
prince abdul malik wed bride dayangku raabi'atul 'adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah . the 31-year-old and his 22-year-old bride both wore outfits embellished with diamonds . raabi'atul carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems, rather than flowers .
finnish stunt performer, antti pendikainen, attached a tandem parachute to his snowmobile to safely deposit him on the ground . captured on camera, these amazing images show the moment the driver took to the skies . brain child of finnish extreme sports group, stunt freak team, spent just three hours conjuring up the plan .
driver attempted dangerous manoeuvre on the a39 between street and glastonbury . gambled on finally passing lorry driver, nick townley, at a set of lights . but he appeared to miscalculate the gap and lost control at 50mph . swerved in front of the truck and his caravan whiplashed into a lamppost . the car ended on the opposite side of the road forcing oncoming traffic to slam on their brakes .
dozens of cities across turkey lost power for hours on tuesday . millions of people were affected, including passengers stranded on paralyzed trains and subways .
david cameron urged an audience to support west ham during a speech . he said: 'this is a country where people of all faiths, all colours, creeds and backgrounds can live together in one place' the prime minister blamed his gaffe on a 'brain fade' like that suffered by green party leader natalie bennett earlier in the campaign .
how old do i look allows people to analyse any image found on bing . also allows users to search for celebrities - and see what microsoft thinks their real ages are .
woods, 39, was pictured hugging his children sam, 8, and charlie, 6, on tuesday at the augusta national golf club, georgia . the former world no 1 has started just two events in 2015, shooting a career-worst score of 82 to miss the cut in the first of them and withdrawing through injury on february 5 . woods has dropped out of the world's top 100 rankings for the first time since september 1996 .
the queen and senior members of the royal family will attend the westminster abbey service of thanksgiving . beacons will be lit across the country, spitfire and lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies . a star-studded concert will be held in london from may 8 to 10 .
arjen robben has missed bayern munich's last three matches with abdominal injury . the holland international is close to returning to full fitness . robben has revealed he will be able to start running again in a few days .
prince andrew has personally changed the fate of more than 100 vulnerable young women in calcutta . the girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through a charity called key to freedom . the duke was mired in allegations that he enjoyed an improper relationship with american ‘sex slave’ virginia roberts . roberts had been working for andrew's former friend jeffrey epstein, an american billionaire .
six leeds players pulled out of saturday's match against charlton . the six players withdrew citing injuries, prompting accusations that the players had gone 'on strike' massimo cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events . leeds president has been banned since january after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in italy .
the tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip . this week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds . the young male is the second of its species ever seen . the first pocket shark was found 36 years ago in the pacific ocean off the coast of peru and it's been sitting in a russian museum since .
there are growing concerns that google's waze application poses a danger to police because of its ability to track their locations . the traffic app operates like a free gps navigation tool . it allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles, accidents, congestion, traffic cameras, potholes and more . several police officers say the app is being used to stalk and plan attacks on law enforcement .
joseph o'riordan, 73, stabbed wife amanda, 47, eight times with kitchen knife . amanda left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back . o'riordan, who was councillor at the time, admitted the attack in october last year . four months later, while on remand, o'riordan wrote to his wife from jail asking her to 'get my things together' before his trial .
nottingham forest are keen on signing blackburn striker jordan rhodes . blackburn have so far resisted all bids for the £10million-rated forward . rhodes has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons .
samsung has previously supplied apple with various iphone parts . but following legal disputes, apple shifted away from samsung . it signed a monopoly deal with taiwan semiconductor manufacturing (tsmc) to produce the a7 seen in the iphone 5s . samsung has announced better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of 2015 .
joyce kuhl, a south carolina grandmother, filed a lawsuit against seaworld . claims orcas are being kept in shallow holding pools with bad sunburns . ms kuhl alleges staff are forced to paint orcas with zinc oxide . claims they are deprived of food for days while being trained to perform . second lawsuit filed against seaworld in less than one month .
kudahuvadhoo is located in the southern area of the dhaalu atoll, in the maldives, in the indian ocean . locals claim they saw a 'low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of march 8 last year when mh370 disappeared . scientists refuse to rule out the possibility that 'distinctive' data they recorded from the area at the assumed time of the crash may have come from the impact of the aircraft as it hit the indian ocean .
the forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming apple watch sport edition . metal is the same as that used to make professional sports bikes but has been altered by apple to make it lighter . it's also possible that apple will release a four-inch version of the phone called the iphone 6c .
actress is remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of itv's 1980s detective duo dempsey and makepeace . under the tutelage of nutritional therapist fleur borrelli, glynis has changed what and how she eats . she tore up her rulebook too: out went breakfast – instead she has just two large meals a day . out, too, went wholegrains and she even stopped sipping water in the day, something she once swore by to stay hydrated and stave off hunger .
john howard found himself standing on the side of the road with a flat tyre . felicity waterford was waiting for her daughter at the sydney conservatorium of music when she saw the flash car . she asked if she could help before the former pm agreed to a selfie . the pair had pulled off and into the conservatorium to change the tyre .
manchester city have apologised to fans who took up their offer of free transport . the premier league champions acted after the game was scheduled for an 8pm start, making it impossible for supporters to travel by train . six coaches laid on for free were delayed and missed the kick-off . the club have written to 300 supporters to apologise and advise them that they will be refunding the cost of their match tickets .
a cnn producer secretly filmed a conversation between a smuggler and a cnn producer . the smuggler laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees . an estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous mediterranean crossing .
darlene feliciano, 27, was hiking the makapuu 'tom-tom' trail in oahu, hawaii, with a male friend friday afternoon when she slipped and fell . firefighters found feliciano unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as the puka . the unconscious woman was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead just after 2pm . her 29-year-old companion had to be rescued from the trail but did not suffer any injuries .
the baby was found trapped in a tied plastic bag in a dumpster in myrtle beach, south carolina, on thursday afternoon . horry county police said the mother, who will be identified once she is formally charged, turned herself in on thursday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by the police . the 8lb 6oz newborn was taken to hospital where she is listed in stable condition, and the woman is currently in hospital and will be charged once she is released .
west ham striker carlton cole and southampton right back nathaniel clyne attended a fundraising event to help tackle ebola on sunday night . tv presenter layla anne-lee was also in attendance at the event . the ebola outbreak has devastated west africa with more than 10,000 deaths reported by the world health organisation .
a bathing box on brighton's dendy street beach in melbourne has sold for a staggering $276,000 . it came after five bidders battled it out at auction for the 2.4m x 2.0m x 2.0m size box . the winning bidder paid $150,000 over the original asking price for the slice of postcard history . in sydney another historic building was snapped up to be converted into a home after being used as a mechanic’s garage for three generations .
jessica ainscough, 30, died in late february after a seven-year battle with cancer . she spurned chemotherapy and radiation, choosing to fight it with controversial treatment known as gerson therapy . but in her final weeks - the most 'difficult' weeks of her fight - she began a course of targeted radiation, her partner tallon pamenter has revealed . he said: 'jess displayed a sense of courage and grace that i am yet to see in anybody'
indian air force helicopter reaches remote village of melamchi, central nepal . only third operation of its kind to reach village since saturday's 7.8-magnitude quake .
tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along river mersey in stockport in the 1930s to provide car parking spaces . but after the outbreak of the second world war, the space was redeveloped as an air raid shelter . it was so popular that officials had to issue season tickets limiting the number of people who could seek refuge there .
marriott international launched a "#love travels" marketing campaign aimed at lgbt travelers . john sutter: the governors of arkansas and indiana caught them off-guard .
tony mccoy announced his intention to retire in february . the 20-time champion jockey has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country . mccoy says the response to his retirement has made his final months easier .
madonna kissed drake onstage at coachella on sunday night . the singer spent at least three seconds making out with him . he looked horrified, even wiping his mouth .
typhoon maysak was initially a category 5 typhoon, causing troops in the philippines to be put on alert today . as it moved over the pacific ocean, the storm generated winds of more than 140mph (225km/h) it is expected to weaken once it hits the central or northern parts of the main philippine island of luzon on saturday or sunday .
mary jane veloso's family was returning from what they thought was their final visit to the prison . a philippine tv crew flagged their bus down to tell them of the decision to postpone her execution . supporters say she was the victim of human trafficking .
researchers have isolated bacterial dna from bodies of mummies found in vác, hungary . they found 14 strains of tb bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies . strains all evolved from a single germ that began infecting people during the late roman period .
kurt zouma has impressed at the heart of the chelsea defence this season . the 20-year-old joined the blues in january 2014 after making 73 appearances for ligue 1 outfit saint-etienne . zouma claims he has no regrets over leaving his native france so early in his career .
stoke city manager mark hughes insists he will have money to spend . asmir begovic is out of contract at the britannia stadium at the end of next season . hughes missed out on £10million xherdan shaqiri in the january window .
ryan bertrand was named in roy hodgson's england squad last month . the southampton left-back has been a standout performer for the saints . bertrand has pledged to prove his worth to roy hodgson .
marina granovskaia is a chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in english football . she is also abramovich’s day-to-day link with his football team . granovskaia sold david luiz for a remarkable £50million last summer .
amnesty international's "their lives on the line" report examines the persecution of women's rights activists . the brutal murder of a young woman in afghanistan shocked the world . for the first time in history, women in afghanistan became pallbearers .
derry mathews beat tony luis 114-112, 114-112, 115-112 in liverpool . mathews saw richar abril twice pull out of a fight due to illness . ismael barroso was forced to pull out after failing to obtain a visa .
grace rebecca mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in a home in fredericksburg, virginia, about 3 p.m. mann was asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat . fourth roommate, steven vander briel, 30, was home when the two women stumbled upon the body, but ran out of the house . briel was arrested two hours later in a church parking lot and charged with first-degree murder and abduction .
her majesty's @britishmonarchy account has amassed 970,000 followers . more than double the 446,000 picked up by prince of wales and @clarencehouse . duke and duchess of cambridge are fourth most followed royals .
carlos colina, 32, pleaded not guilty in cambridge district court to charges of accessory after the fact to assault, battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body . remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company biotech saturday morning . the head of victim jonathan camilien, 26, was found in a recycling bin in colina's apartment building across the street .
kaylie milliken is the filmmaker behind billion dollar bully, an ongoing documentary focused on yelp's impact on small businesses . milliken says she's interviewed businesses who believe they've been targeted by yelp for refusing to advertise . milliken says yelp's advertising structure appears to punish businesses that choose not to advertise on the site . yelp has vigorously denied this claim .
linear dunes, like these captured by nasa's landsat 7 satellite, are straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles (160km) the image was spotted by io9 and the colours were caused as rays of sunlight hit the sand and were reflected off . dunes have also been known to merge and form so-called 'y-shaped compound dunes' .
lucy garrod, 27, woke up feeling as though her eye was 'the size of a golf ball' she feared she would not be able to carry on with her photography degree . but she learned to take photographs with her left eye and passed with honours .
deanna rudison, 55, charged with two counts of aggravated battery after police say she splashed bleach at two teenagers . the incident took place monday morning at quick stop gas station in new orleans . rudison's son, jonathan rudison, 27, remained at large monday evening .
mk dons defender luke tingey, 18, became a youtube hit last month . kyran wiltshire, also 18, is a lively centre midfielder who was included in karl robinson's first-team squad for friendlies last pre-season . manchester united are looking to bring in some talented younger players to boost squad numbers ahead of next season's u19 youth league competition .
st george's county asylum opened in 1818 and once housed nearly 1,000 patients . it expands over 350 metres in length overlooking the town of stafford in the west midlands . shattered doors, overturned bathtubs and crumbling floors dominate the grade ii listed asylum . dysentery and syphilis were said to have been commonplace at the asylum where suicide cages were erected .
feidin santana recorded a video of a south carolina police officer fatally shooting a man . santana says another officer told him to stop recording because he said it was an abuse .
andrei lunev suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds . stepped on landmine while inspecting the ruins of shyrokyne, east ukraine . received first aid at the scene by medics and visibly shaken colleagues . he was taken to hospital in novoazovsk near the russian border .
little catalina from america was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home . standing in a frilly skirt with her arms crossed, she answers back at her father in a bid to get him to do the cleaning . standing in a frilly skirt with her arms crossed, she answers back at her elder in a bid to get him to do the cleaning .
sir james munby says parents should use the 'carrot and the stick' approach . parents should make children do things they find boring or difficult, he says . he suggests confiscating gadgets and grounding teenagers .
fbi director james coney had written an opinion piece for the washington post . he claimed poland played a role in nazi germany's genocide of six million jews . polish ambassador stephen mull apologised for the comments . he said he now had 'a lot of work' to rectify the situation .
olivier giroud scored five goals in arsenal's four league wins in march . arsene wenger also named player and manager of the month . giroud thwarted harry kane's bid for a third award in a row .
charlie pye applied for the aston villa captaincy after paul lambert was sacked . the youngster wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and a signed claret and blue football, a wwe wrestling figure and some sweets . tim sherwood wrote pye a letter congratulating him on his credentials .
travelzoo survey reveals greens love a long-haul trip . ukip supporters are the most likely to want to save money on holiday . scottish national party are the most organized holiday makers .
lebron james was at practice with his cleveland cavalier teammates on saturday at the td garden in boston . during a break in the action, james decided to practice his long-range shooting . just before the long-range shot went through the hoop, james could be heard saying: 'give me my money' .
celebrity chef pete evans is under attack again with experts warning his 'reworked' baby milk formula is dangerous to babies . dietitians have singled out a 'happy tummy brew' because it contains almost five times the maximum vitamin a dose for a baby . the original recipe contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin a for babies . the dieticians association of australia said the reworked formula still presents a threat to babies .
singer ditched proposal for two-storey basement extension at top of house . angered veteran led zeppelin rocker with ambitious plans for 46-room mansion . williams responded by withdrawing blueprints but has returned with fresh plans .
leza davies, 33, from telford, shropshire, thought breast feeding left her chest saggy . she saved up £4,000 to go from a 34a to a 34d and was pleased with her new look . but in april 2012 she knocked her breast on a door frame because of its size . found a pea-sized lump, which hospital tests revealed was cancerous . six months of chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery saved her life .
westley capper, 37, has already admitted driving agnese klavina, 30, away . police believe 5ft 7in waitress was forced into the vehicle in puerto banus . agnese disappeared after a night out at glitzy club aqwa mist on september 6 . craig porter, 33, and capper, 37, both admitted being in the mercedes with agnese .
angel rangel is in line for his first start for swansea since january . jefferson montero could make the bench after suffering a hamstring injury . romelu lukaku is a major doubt for everton with a hamstring injury . aiden mcgeady is ruled out for the game with a groin strain .
timothy stanley: hillary clinton will add to her potential "firsts" if she wins . he says her foreign policy experience will be a real advantage in the campaign .
glenn murray opened the scoring for crystal palace in the first half . manchester city appealed for offside but murray's goal stood . jason puncheon added a second in the second half to secure victory .
scotland yard detective roy ramm explains how heists are organized in london . ramm: "in the uk burglaries and robberies are often committed by working-class people"
derek lyle put queen of the south ahead after 33 minutes at palmerston park . gavin reilly forced an own goal for qots to dent rangers' second place hopes . lewis kidd scored an own goal to double rangers' lead at the start of the second half . gavin reilly forced an own goal for qots's third to dent rangers' hopes .
marc carn, 29, from plymouth, devon, vanished during a stag do in barcelona . taxi driver dropped him 'miles away' from his accommodation on saturday . he then set off to find his friends - but was told to find his own way home . mr carn's worried family contacted the foreign office in a bid to track him down . but the phoneless father handed himself into the british consulate today .
pastor eric isaiah adusah charged with murder of his wife charmaine speirs . ms speirs, 41, was found face-down in a bath in ghana last week . autopsy showed she died of 'opiate heroin overdose', court heard . mr adusah's lawyer has claimed ms speirs was a heroin addict . but ms speirs's brother paul said it was 'an outrageous lie'
vincent kompany injured himself during manchester derby defeat . kompany could have been sent off for a challenge on daley blind . manuel pellegrini says kompany may not be fit until the end of the season . city face west ham united at the etihad stadium on sunday .
peter hiett, a decorated prison guard, worked at feltham young offenders institution . he claims staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses . some would even stay and watch the battle unfold, while others 'turned a blind eye' mr hiett left the prison in january last year amid claims he was forced out .
farmers in country australia are renting their empty properties for $1 a week . residents of rural towns like cumnock, errowanbang and molong in nsw and wicheproof in victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children . the rent-a-farmhouse initiative she set up in 2008 brought new life to her town of 280 people near orange .
dave heeley, 57, from west bromwich, ran 156 miles across the sahara desert . father-of-three completed the 'toughest footrace on earth' on friday . he hopes to raise more than £30,000 for the albion foundation .
jade ruthven, 33, sent 'poison pen' letter to 'baby spamming' mother . she was fed up with her friend's constant updates about her baby daughter . wrote: 'stop and think - if every mother posted all that c**p about their kid - i'm sure you'd get over it pretty quickly' comedian em rusciano shared it with thousands of followers .
stewart brand, president of the long now foundation, believes focus on mass extinctions may actually be harmful . instead he argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction .
england women's u19 european championships qualifier against norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake . the match will be restarted at 9:45pm with england retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down . if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2, the young lionesses will qualify for the european championships in israel . england beat switzerland 3-1 in their group 4 qualifier on thursday .
little monkeys can perfect their mischief making skills with an easter weekend of merriment, mirth and tomfoolery at stirling castle . carreg cennen castle in wales children can help bottle feed any lambs or keep a beady eye to see if they can spot an ewe in labour . scotland's oldest inhabited castle also hosts drumming and singing, egg decorating, storytelling and an easter bonnet parade .
gordon brown said snp want 'chaos and constitutional crisis' at westminster . former prime minister said snp leader nicola sturgeon's answers are 'all evasion' . but he warned that those casting vote on may 7 will decide future of scotland .
craig roberts, 36, was born with glaucoma, a condition which affects eyesight . he went to the post office in chadderton, manchester, to top up his electric meter . he was eventually served by the employee after a ten minute standoff . mr roberts said he was left feeling 'angry and shocked' by the incident .
tracy stratton claims her daughter, tianni, suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at greenacres primary school in eltham, south east london . she claims the seven-year-old has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house . ms stratton is now claiming damages from the royal borough of greenwich council, after she says the school ignored at least five reports of bullying .
saracens beat clermont auvergne 12-11 in their champions cup quarter-final . marcelo bosch scored a long range penalty in the final act of the match . mark mccall believes neutral territory offers saracens hope of reaching a second successive european final .
kimi raikkonen finished behind lewis hamilton for the first time since the 2013 korean grand prix in bahrain . the 2007 world champion has an option to stay at ferrari next season . maurizio arrivabene has revealed to using a carrot-and-stick method with raikkonen to keep his desire to stay high .
claudia martins, 33, gave birth alone at her sister's flat in knowle, bristol . portuguese national kept pregnancy secret from her family and friends . she killed baby girl by stuffing toilet paper down its throat and hiding body . martins was acquitted of murder but convicted of manslaughter by diminished responsibility .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . blues captain john terry came in with a strong challenge on radamel falcao . cesc fabregas then picked up the loose ball and released it to oscar . thierry henry, jamie redknapp and graeme souness agreed that terry's challenge on falcao shouldn't have gone unpunished .
sonia sharrock praised her brother-in-law steve spowart for saving her horses from the nsw floods . steve spowart dived down into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire they were trapped in . ms sharrock watched in horror as her stud farm in maitland in the hunter region of new south wales rapidly flooded . ms sharrock said she was 'really stressed out and panicking that the water was coming up really fast'
athletics kenya has suspended the agents of marathon world record holder dennis kimetto and other top stars . volare sports and rosa & associati will be suspended for six months . kenyan authorities have previously blamed the rise in doping on the influence of foreign agents .
lionel messi posted a picture on instagram of his wife having her stomach kissed by his son, thiago . the couple have settled on the name benjamin . messi's son thiago was born in november 2012 .
there were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year . three people were killed in australia and south africa . there were 52 shark attacks in us waters in 2014, compared to 29 in 2015 .
earl arthur olander, 90, was found with his hands tied behind his back . he was discovered covered in cuts and bruises and his home had been ransacked . police have now offered a $1,000 reward for any information which could lead to an arrest . neighbors have spoken of him as a 'stand-up person' and a wonderful role model .
five young men are arrested in a major counterterrorism operation in melbourne, australia . three of the suspects have been released, but two remain in custody . prime minister tony abbott says the suspects planned to attack during anzac day .
yulia simonova, 52, wanted to hire a hitman to torture and kill damian vanya, 15 . he had dumped her for a classmate and she wanted him to bleed to death . undercover police officer posed as a hitman during a meeting with the teacher . a hidden camera filmed the moment she ordered the hit on the teenager . simonova faces 15 years in jail after being charged with attempted murder .
the glass house in chislehurst, south east london, was built as a bunker for civil servants in the event of a nuclear attack in 1951 . the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls and a wooden area afforded it secrecy . it fell into disrepair in the years following the end of the cold war but has now been transformed into a luxury home . the property also boasts five bedrooms, a stylish kitchen, games room and a roof terrace .
blair said he wanted to create a 'cadre' of former leaders to advise governments . praised authoritarian military regime in egypt, accused of human rights abuses . he said his ideas of leadership were ‘close to a benevolent dictatorship’ .
randy pierce lost his sight when he was just 22 years old, from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair . pierce has since climbed all 48 mountains in new hampshire, as well as run 30 road races, with his guide dog quinn .
kate, 22, lives by the abc rule: no alcohol, bread or processed carbohydrates . goes through a 48-hour juice cleanse before every big film scene of photo shoot . eats one whole egg and one white egg scrambled on a bed of spinach for breakfast, followed by a green juice and handful of almonds mid morning .
a ramp agent fell asleep in the plane's cargo hold . the pilot radioed air traffic control and said he would make an emergency landing .
labour leader harold wilson approached bbc director general sir hugh greene . mr wilson feared labour supporters would stay at home and watch show . so he approached him at his home to express his concerns over broadcast .
belle gibson is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles . victoria police had considered criminal charges being levelled against the wellness blogger . one of the charges was obtaining financial advantage by deception, but it had been dropped . consumer affairs victoria said the investigation is continuing .
alex vella, 61, is president of the rebels bikie gang in malta, australia . the government cancelled his visa while he was overseas last year . federal court this week banned him from returning to australia . police say he led a violent gang involved in kidnapping, extortion and drug dealing . vella has painted himself as a nelson mandela-like figure and sold t-shirts and stubby holders to fund his legal battle .
angie donohue reveals husband tried to hire someone to kill her twice . daryl scott donohue tried to hire 'various people' to kill her for money . ms donohue was forced into hiding after donohue stalked and terrorised her . after dating for a year the pair got engaged and started to plan a wedding .
the uss independence was scuttled in january 1951 during weapons testing near california's farallon islands . researchers went looking for it again in march as part of a project to map about 300 wrecks in and around the gulf of the farallones national marine sanctuary . sonar images show what looks to be an airplane on one of the elevators that took planes from the hangar deck to its flight deck .
zhao pingan's mother and her husband were hit by a truck last march . both of his parents were killed in the accident, but not before the mother gave birth at the scene . chinese media reported at the time that the baby boy had been 'catapulted' from his mother's womb when the truck ran over her, ending up ten feet away from her . pingan was then adopted by his uncle zhao yanchao and his grandmother .
money collected from students at the university of surrey was submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly . it was then monitored for three to four days for colonies of bacteria . most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless bacillus mycoides, which is common in soil . but mrsa and food poisoning bacteria have been found on money in previous studies .
a shocking 'resurrection' for a two-year-old dead boy at a texas church has been caught on camera . the boy, identified by a witness as benjamin, is being held in the arms of texas pastor's wife aracely meza . meza, who is reportedly not the child's mother, was arrested on monday and has been charged with injury to a child by omission .
indiana gov. mike pence issued an executive order monday to extend a public health emergency in response to a rampant hiv outbreak . as of tuesday, there were 135 cases -- 129 confirmed, and six preliminary -- of hiv .
wayne rooney was replaced by robin van persie in the 88th minute . the england international was seen receiving treatment on the bench . manchester united suffered back-to-back league defeats for the first time since louis van gaal took over at goodison park .
chelsea beat manchester city 3-1 in the fa youth cup final on monday . tammy abraham and dominic solanke have both scored 35 goals this season . abraham is top scorer in the whole competition with 22 goals . solanke has scored 35 goals for chelsea this season . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
annabel jensen, grayson moore and sara jade woodhouse have all transitioned genders . however, doctrine states that anyone who takes gender reassignment surgery cannot be baptized . however, the three have managed to exist within the mormon universe .
housing chiefs were accused of hypocrisy for opposing right-to-buy policy . pledge to extend dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was centrepiece of tuesday’s tory manifesto launch . one board member lambasted the proposal as the ‘right to steal’ . there were even threats of a legal challenge, potentially under european human rights laws .
britons will vote in uk elections on thursday night . the queen is officially britain's head of state, but she's only nominally in charge .
manchester united host chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . louis van gaal is without marcos rojo, phil jones, michael carrick and daley blind . chelsea are currently seven points clear in the premier league title race .
ashley graham, 27, is one of the stars of lane bryant's new i'm no angel campaign .
taiwanese man's memorial was treated to sexy performance by two strippers . the exotic dancers gyrated around the coffin to maroon 5's moves . they were hired by the deceased's wife who booked them as last gift .
emmanuel adebayor posted a video of himself performing a strange dance . the tottenham striker has one year left to run on his current contract . adebayor has not scored in the league for spurs since october .
rick santorum says he hoped indiana gov. mike pence would veto the "fix" to his state's religious freedom law . santorum: "it doesn't really open the debate up on some of the more current issues"
linden officer pedro abad's blood alcohol content was 0.24; the legal limit in new york is 0.08 . abad crashed head-on into a tractor-trailer after leaving a staten island strip club . abad and fellow officer patrik kudlac were critically injured . hours before the crash, abad had posted a photo on his instagram page of three shot glasses filled with 'jack daniels fire on the house'
scientists are working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the apis mellifera or european honeybee . their final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the tiny insects . one day it is hoped the remote controlled machines could be used to pollinate crops or even assist on search and rescue missions .
mohammed nisar, 55, had been driving sole trader adrian quinn to train station . passenger hopped out of car in a rush, forgetting his rucksack . he had been carrying the hefty sum after cashing inheritance cheque . mr quinn, 46, felt 'physically sick' after realising mistake .
joel wilkinson, from hull, was diagnosed with duchenne muscular dystrophy . the incurable condition means his muscles will slowly waste away . he will eventually need a wheelchair and has a life expectancy of just 20 . his sister phoebe, five, plays only 'muscle friendly' games that won't tire him out . she also refuses to play games at school unless joel can join in .
kim took her family to saint james cathedral in jerusalem's old city to baptise their daughter north, two . the armenian church was the location of choice for the kardashian-wests for the baptism of their daughter . kim shared a couple of pictures from inside the holy building on instagram .
leanne bourne began to suspect that her partner was having an affair . but larissa knipe, now 17, turned out to be her younger sister . ms bourne says she still has bad days when she can't stop crying .
robin ellis, now 73, was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999 . he shot to fame in the seventies as the original dashing hero ross poldark . but he has been slim all his life - 12st, perfect for his 6ft 11 ⁇ 2in frame . in type 2 diabetes, the body's cells fail to react to insulin . this causes blood sugar levels to soar and can lead to blindness .
jonathan trott has endured a nightmare return to test cricket . the batsman fell cheaply in both innings in the first test in antigua . trott is having regular skype sessions with steve peters from the team hotel .
sally white, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside . vets feared he would not survive more than a few days . but sally's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed .
scott kaiser filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post in santa barbara, california . bird lifts its head right back, opens its mouth and inflates its air sacs . on display appears to be the pelican’s tongue and some inner bill anatomy .
christopher bridger, 25, attacked three women after separate drinking sessions . he was jailed for 12 years for rape and four other abuse charges last year . hcpc conduct and competence committee struck him off medical register . committee described crimes as a 'serious breach of trust' .
alassane plea has scored three goals for nice this season . the 22-year-old can also play as an attacking midfielder . former lyon trainee plea has been capped at various levels by france .
nigel short said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking . the 49-year-old was the first english player to play a world chess championship match . he made the comments when explaining why there were so few women in competitive chess .
nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in indonesia have been given 72 hours notice . indonesian officials said all 10 would be executed at the same time . a lawyer for a philippines maid says she will be executed on tuesday, april 28 .
patrick vieira is set to complete his uefa pro licence this summer . he has been taking his coaching badges with the welsh football association . vieira is one of the potential candidates to replace manuel pellegrini . he has been part of the coaching team at manchester city since retiring .
estate agents offering higher 'cameron price' and lower 'miliband price' for same property . labour leader has pledged to introduce mansion tax on homes worth over £2m . homeowners with properties worth between £2m and £3m will be forced to pay £3,000 a year in mansion tax .
mortein has copped a spray after making the 'tasteless decision' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher stephanie scott . the pest control company posted a picture to the account of its mascot, louie the fly, along with '#putyourdressout' the hashtag was a widely shared hashtag in support of ms scott . the post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive . mortein has since removed the post, and apologised for any offence caused .
trickle of royal fans have begun arriving at the lindo wing ahead of royal birth . margaret tyler, 71, is an avid collector of royal memorabilia . john loughery, 60, was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into the death of princess diana in 2008 .
jack wilshere has been out of action since ankle surgery in november . the arsenal midfielder is closing in on a return to full fitness . wilshere posted a photo of his overflowing shopping trolley on monday .
fergus simpson from university of barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals do on earth . larger animals need more resources to survive, so are less common than plentiful ants, for example . he said there must be a minimum size needed for intelligent life, based on the range of body sizes of intelligent animals such as apes and humans, found on earth .
arsenal goalkeeper wojciech szczesny turns 25 on saturday . szczesny was joined by family and friends at his london home . he was treated to a private performance by polish rock band lemon . szczesny thanked his singer-songwriter girlfriend mariana luczenko .
pm seen posing for selfies during his visit to alnwick, northumberland . ed miliband, nick clegg and nigel farage have all been taking selfies . craze has left no party untouched, with miliband and farage in action .
the university of connecticut baseball team has welcomed its newest member, 5-year-old grayson hand, who is battling leukemia . hand joins the huskies with the help of team impact, an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams . hand's sister, sophie, 7, was also named an honorary cheerleader .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid beat granada 9-1 . karim benzema netted a brace and gareth bale also got on the scoresheet . jeremy mathieu scored a diving header as barcelona beat celta vigo 1-0 .
psv eindhoven won the eredivisie championship with three games to spare . memphis depay scored his 20th goal of the season to secure the title . jim lawlor, their chief scout, had been doing his homework long before depay reached the total which louis van gaal holds in high regard . depay is the eredivisie's top goalscorer, without even being psv's main forward .
juventus beat lazio 2-0 to move 15 points clear at the top of serie a . carlos tevez scored the opening goal and celebrated by dancing like a chicken . lionel messi scored in the 93rd minute to give barcelona a 2-0 win over valencia .
adidas has partnered with spotify to create an app that tracks your speed . called adidas go, the songs are additionally selected based on the runner's musical interests and listening history . the app uses the phone's accelerometer to track the user's stride . it then searches for songs in the spotify library with matching beats per minute . songs are played in full but users can skip tracks if they want to .
scientists from the uk and portugal looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs found in museums throughout europe and us . they used a 'specimen-based protocol' to analyse each individual animal . this allowed them to look at differences within each species, as well as between species . brontosaurus is now sufficiently different from apatosaurus to deserve its own genus name .
secret service supervisor xavier morales, 48, has been placed on indefinite administrative leave and is not allowed to enter the office . the female agent alleged that morales was attending a party with her boss in a washington, d.c. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her . morales, who was a manager in the agency's security clearance division, was due to start his new position this week .
pupils as young as eight banned from attending exeter mosque as part of re trip . parents said children would be exposed to 'violence and guns' and expressed 'grave concerns' about teaching of islam . sally cox, 39, said: 'i did not want him to go because they are a violent religion and many of them have guns'
attacks in durban kill two immigrants and three south africans, including a 14-year-old boy . government condemns "maiming and killing of our brothers and sisters from other parts of the continent"
napoli and fiorentina were kept apart in the europa league semi-final draw . rafa benitez's napoli face dnipro, while fiorentina face holders sevilla . europa league semi-final ties will be played on may 7 and 14 .
gloria ross, 84, found with distorted face when visited by grandson wayne wilkins . he asked nurses at whipps cross hospital, north east london, for help . they said she was 'just tired' and told him senior nurse was 'on a break' mrs ross never regained full consciousness and died two weeks later .
jordan spieth leads the masters by five strokes . spieth carded a 66 to finish 36 holes at a 14-under 130 . spieth equals the best 36-hole score recorded at a major championship .
protesters get into physical altercations with police in downtown baltimore . at least five police cars are damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them .
byhours.com allows users to book london hotels in three-hour blocks . barcelona-based company already has 25 hotels in the capital on board . aim is to acquire more hotels in london in next few months .
steve spowart rescued five horses from flood water near dungog, a small town in the nsw hunter region . three people died in the severe weather, four houses were washed away and the town received the most rainfall it had in 100 years . mr spowart paddled out on his surfboard to where the horses were stranded, past trees, bushes and fences submerged in the floodwater . he then paddled past trees, bushes and fences submerged in the floodwater that was almost as high
chelsea travel to the emirates on sunday to face arsenal . jose mourinho's side are 10 points clear of second-placed arsenal . oscar hopes winning the premier league can kick-start a dominance in england .
england will not be fielding a side in the long-contested under 16 tournament . the fa do not believe the tournament suits the needs of its young players . wayne rooney, sir stanley matthews, duncan edwards and peter shilton are all veterans of the tournament .
james anderson will earn his 100th test cap against the west indies . sir vivian richards believes anderson is a worthy heir to sir ian botham . anderson needs just three wickets to go level with botham's record .
lz granderson: espn reporter britt mchenry's comments were wildly offensive . he says mchenry's comments imply that she thinks she's better than others .
investigators are not expected to return to the crash site, a police official says . the flight data recorder, or "black box," was found thursday by a member of the recovery team .
footage shows carmarie and kanya sat buckled into the device at the indy speedway park on panama city beach, florida, over the weekend . at the start they seem calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in . both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force, with their eyes glazing over and rolling back . when they regain consciousness they continue screaming out their final wishes .
pep guardiola to return to the nou camp for first time since leaving in 2012 . real madrid face juventus in the other champions league semi-final . barcelona beat paris saint-germain 6-1 to reach the last four .
bobbi ann house, 39, hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and draining their bank accounts . she and her husband zackerie house, 27, are now wanted for check fraud . the two are believed to be hiding out camping .
isis released photos showing crates of chicken being set alight in aleppo, syria . the meat was slaughtered according to islamic law and perfectly fit for eat . the meat was burned after jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the us . hungry refugees on the brink of starvation are banned from eating the meat .
for americans, the white house is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get . for non-americans, it is a respected power symbol but not one to be especially loved . kate brower became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching downton abbey .
lindsay sandiford is on death row in bali for smuggling cocaine . the 58-year-old fears she will be the next to face the firing squad . andrew chan and myuran sukumaran were executed along with six others . they were the first to die in the latest round of executions after a final kfc bucket meal . sandiford was sentenced to death after indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine .
michael buckley, 60, died after being hit by a shopping trolley at m&s . widower melanie buck, 33, is said to have become frustrated by gridlock . she allegedly exchanged heated words with him before knocking him over . mr buckley, who weighed only 8st, fell to the floor and broke his thighbone . an operation to repair his injuries appeared to go well but he later died .
suge knight, 49, was arrested in compton, new york, on january 18 . he was charged with killing terry carter and trying to kill cle 'bone' sloan . judge ronald coen ruled there was enough evidence to stand trial . knight was punched a number of times but had a slight black eye .
police arrested and charged a 39-year-old man and a 26-year-old woman following the drug bust in katherine, southeast of darwin on sunday . the pair were both charged with possessing traffickable quantity of kava, supplying a traffickable quantity of kava and possessing cannabis in a public place . the man was further charged with driving an unregistered motor vehicle, driving an unsafe motor vehicle, failing to restrain a young person (x4) and disorderly behaviour .
cristiano ronaldo has scored 300 goals for real madrid in six years . portuguese forward is just seven goals shy of alfredo di stefano . ronaldo has scored 206 goals with his right foot and 52 with his left .
snp want to eject trident from scotland, but both tories and labour have committed to retaining the base on the clyde . mod officials have sounded out gibraltar as an alternative to the naval base on the clyde . move could cost £3billion and take 10 years to complete, it was reported .
tv presenter lisa oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her . the 40-year-old was horrified to think her sons harry, 4, and bert, 2, saw her that way . oldfield posted pictures of the 5.5l of fat she had removed during her liposuction operation on facebook . the mum-of-two said she had to 'bit the bullet' after trying to lose weight on her own .
emma walker became obsessed with achieving the 'perfect body' within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone . the 15-year-old was admitted to hospital twice and faced counselling . her mother kim said it was a 'horrific' ordeal watching her daughter go through . emma is now a healthier eight stone and wants to help others .
faith and hope howie were born on may 8 last year with one body and two faces due to an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus . their parents, simon howie and renee young, laid them to rest at pinegrove memorial park in sydney's west . when they arrived on thursday, everything had been removed apart from a bunch of flowers . the twins were buried in a pink coffin and their family and friends released doves and pink and white balloons at their funeral .
rebecca calder, 24, was jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to theft . at peak she was draining up to £300 a day from her disabled victims' accounts . calder, of greater manchester, was jailed for 12 months today .
reanne evans is the 10-time ladies' snooker world champion . the 29-year-old faces ken doherty in her first qualifier . evans would be the first woman ever to reach the world championship finals .
james robarge, 45, of vermont was sentenced on friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife, 42-year-old kelly robarge . the judge said he took into account the extent to which robarge went to conceal his wife's killing and body, as well as the couple's history of domestic violence . robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years .
a strongsville, ohio woman was shocked this month when an officer cited her for leaving her dog in a hot car but, instead of writing a ticket, the cop forced her to sit inside . in truth or consequences, new mexico last june, shelly nicholas was told to sit in her hot car after her dog was found locked inside with no ventilation in 90 degree heat . nicholas filed a report against the officers, but body cam footage later revealed it was more of a request than an order .
quinton fortune claims neymar looked uncomfortable against celta vigo . barcelona scrapped to a 1-0 win to remain four points clear of real madrid . fortune says luis enrique should be concerned by neymar's body language .
padraig harrington was back in action at augusta after a year away . the us public links champion opened with a 74 on his masters debut . jordan spieth hit a birdie on the 11th hole to finish with a 71 .
kenny bayless is widely considered the leading referee in the world . he will be in charge of the richest fight of all time on may 2 . bayless will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after super-fight .
lancashire's edge hill university and university of south australia carried out study . found direct link between anxiety ahead of exams and grades achieved . femail has enlisted help of principal at burlington danes academy, west london .
hina shamim, 21, died close to the university of kingston in london . she was knocked down and killed as she walked to the library last night . eight others, including five children, were injured in the horror crash . a 34-year-old man driver has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving .
austin hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccasin, also known as a cottonmouth, near his wimauma home last week . he'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend . bites from the cottonmouth are known to cause extreme swelling and can lead to death . lucky for hatfield, antivenom does exist for cottonmouths--known by the name because of the white, gaping mouth they often display when threatened .
53 people arrested as pro-cannabis protestors gathered in london's hyde park . four police officers restrained a tracksuit-wearing man near entrance . just yards from police sign which read: 'possession of cannabis is illegal' crowds met this afternoon as part of the annual '420' event .
none* is available to download for ios, android and windows phone devices . players are confronted with a black screen and a single clue written in white . they use the keyboard to type their guesses in order to progress to the next level . there are 50 levels in total in 'episode one' and clues get tougher . none* does not have images, music, animations, sound effects or hints to help users, or indication of what the purpose of the game is about .
video shows drivers pulling over on interstate 20 in albilene, texas . they got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up cash . passenger door of brinks armored truck somehow opened as it was moving . plastic bag with 'substantial amount of money' was blown out of truck . police have warned anyone caught with cash inside truck will be prosecuted .
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg were in unusual positions towards the rear of the timesheet at the end of the first practice session for the bahrain grand prix . kimi raikkonen posted the fastest time at the bahrain international circuit . the finn set the pace with a lap of one minute 37.827secs, two tenths of a second up on team-mate sebastian vettel .
encounters with common dolphins off the west of scotland have more than doubled over a decade, according to experts . monitoring by hebridean whale and dolphin trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68% over the past 12 years . the dolphins come to the hebrides in spring to take advantage of seasonal food stocks, travelling in large groups and sometimes forming ‘super-pods’ of thousands of individuals . while they were once drawn to warmer waters, climate change is causing sea surface temperatures in the hebrides to rise by around 
marcus copeland, 44, admitted one count of fraud at caernarfon crown court . he was told he faces jail after conning a bank into giving him the money . the married father-of-two splashed out almost £1million to complete the six-bedroomed eco house in cwm dyserth, near st asaph, north wales .
the orphaned youngsters were nursed back to health by pauline kidner . nursed originally on milk form bottles custard creams were introduced slowly . one of the cubs escaped death after being carried by a jack russell's mouth .
malcolm brabant, 59, was gripped by a fever so strong it took two weeks and a spell in hospital before his temperature was brought down . he spent the next two years in and out of mental institutions, unable to work - and even attempted suicide . malcolm believes the yellow fever vaccine could have dangerous side-effects that affect more people than previously thought .
researchers at university of bristol quizzed 40 heterosexual men and women . asked them to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people . sober, tipsy and drunk subjects were voted most attractive . but too much alcohol leads to 'excessive and unattractive' changes in facial expressions .
44-year-old man had just returned from algeria and wanted to complain . he complained that the weather on his holiday was 'too hot' great manchester police chadderton division tweeted a warning about wasting time .
yahya rashid, 19, due to appear at westminster magistrates' court today . he was arrested at luton airport on suspicion of preparation of acts of terrorism under section five of the terrorism act 2006 .
olivia wilde and garrett hedlund will return for "tron 3" the pair will reprise their characters from 2010's "tron: legacy"
617 youngsters aged under ten investigated between 2009 and 2014 . includes 41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes including five suspected of sexual offences . a nine-year-old girl was also linked to a case of criminal damage . a five-year-old girl was alleged to have committed sexual activity with a child .
the kidnapper who claims to masterminded the gone girl kidnapping of denise huskins in california says he will turn himself in, but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity . this came just one day after the individuals demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax . huskins, 29, was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on march 23 and released one day later . police accused them of staging the kidnapping 
hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box, iphone and ipad . service is available in the us for $14.99 (£9.90) a month . includes all past, present and future hbo programming . comes ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones . announcement comes weeks after apple cut the price of its apple tv device from $99 (£65) to $69 (£45)
charlene fritz, 35, was visiting snow hill island in the antarctic peninsula . the elephant seal pup is thought to have been no more than two months old . at a whopping 200lbs, ms fritz had a struggle sitting upright .
the research focused on pomc neurons, which are a structure called the hypothalamus, that send and receive signals to regulate appetite . when pomc neurons are absent, or not working properly, animals and humans grow dangerously obese . the new findings show in animals that the same thing happens when certain genetic triggers inside the pomc cells aren't working .
isis claims responsibility for a suicide car bombing near the u.s. consulate in irbil, iraq . the blast sent a huge fireball into the sky on a street parallel to the consulate .
two ryanair planes clipped wings while taxiing to a runway at dublin airport . passengers were delayed for up to 90 minutes as they waited for buses . one plane's winglet was left dangling by a thread after the collision . it's the second time in six months two ryanair planes have collided .
a christian church was torched and looted in egypt in august 2013 . at least 42 churches and many more businesses and homes were targeted .
dani alves has been unable to agree a new deal with barcelona . the brazilian right-back will leave the nou camp this summer . alves has been linked with manchester united and manchester city .
dave king will have to convince the sfa he is a 'fit and proper' person to be rangers chairman . the south africa-based businessman ousted previous rangers directors . king plans to return to the ibrox boardroom if he can overcome sfa obstacles .
larry upright died monday at a north carolina hospital . "the family respectfully asks that you do not vote for hillary clinton in 2016," his obituary says .
tomas francis impressed against alex corbisiero of northampton saints . the 21st 2lb prop is yet to pledge his international allegiance . stuart lancaster could make a late move for the youngster .
paul doyle, 56, moved his family into £820,000 home in altrincham, cheshire . put down £200,000 deposit and obtained £600,000 mortgage on the property . falsely claimed his wife jeanette, 49, worked as a company executive . but family were probed after scandalising neighbourhood in altrincham . son regularly rode quad bikes around streets and received asbo for terrorising other local children who complained of being robbed and beaten up .
biologist dr joe hanson says a human molecule might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen, 132 million atoms of oxygen and 85 million atoms of carbon . by comparison, this human molecule contains just one atom of cobalt and three molecules of the metal molybdenum . dr hanson claims his formula only represents the chemical make up of the human body at birth .
astonishing video shows two planes landing in sync at san francisco airport . the planes measure their approach almost identically and touch the tarmac . the landings are seen by many as a work of art in themselves .
u.s. open champion marin cilic was eliminated in the second round . victor estrella of the dominican republic beat cilic 6-4, 6-4 . santiago giraldo of colombia beat joao sousa of portugal 6-3, 3-6, 6-1 .
carol chandler, 53, is accused of indecently assaulting a boy in the 1980s . she is charged with three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency on a male under the age of 16 . her case was sent to southwark crown court, where she is due to appear on april 21 . five people have been charged by officers from operation winthorpe .
protest letters were delivered to members of spain's royal language academy . the gypsy secretariat foundation are leading the campaign . they hope to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against roma .
allan donald has confirmed he is to step down as south africa bowling coach . the 48-year-old has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011 . cricket south africa chief executive haroon lorgat said donald was and always will be a stalwart in south africa .
the alarm failed at the former president's houston residence in september 2013 and it took until december to be replaced . it came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm be replaced because it 'had exceeded its life cycle' the request was denied for an unknown reason . the oversight was revealed in a report by the department of homeland security office of inspector general .
edinson cavani has dismissed rumours he does not get on with zlatan ibrahimovic . the psg forward insists he has a respectful relationship with ibrahimovic . cavani has been linked with a summer exit from the french champions .
micheal john duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering colleen deborah ayers, 33 . ms ayers' body was found in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre lakesland property, south west of sydney . duffy told the court his former flame, rachel evans, had a 'twisted desire to kill' and he had only dug the victim's grave .
bristol city beat bradford city 6-0 in league one on tuesday night . the robins are the first team to mathematically secure promotion . aden flint has scored 11 goals for city so far this season .
marc leishman has withdrawn from this year's masters to be with his wife . billy payne has ruled out starting a women's masters . bubba watson was recently voted most unpopular golfer on tour .
four men have been caught on cctv robbing a service station in tecoma, melbourne . they packed $38,000 worth of cigarettes into a doona cover . however they failed to get the loot in the boot and lost about a third of it . the men are wanted by victoria police for a series of break-ins .
alaska airlines flight 448 was just barely on its way to los angeles . the pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold .
freddie gray died sunday after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that's been kept 'secret' until today . official police documents filed monday said that the man was arrested by officer garrett miller for having a switchblade knife after being stopped because he 'fled unprovoked after noticing police presence' gray, who was screaming in pain as he was taken to a police van, then lapsed into a coma and was taken
ivan gazidis says he is 'not happy' that arsenal are not going to win the title . the gunners haven't won the league since 2004 and their first eight-game winning run since then has propelled them to second place . gazidis says the club will 'keep pushing' chelsea, but admits winning the title is unlikely .
houthi rebels call for peace talks . saudi arabia announced the end of its operation decisive storm on tuesday .
england's national saint's day falls on april 23 . a host of international footballers took to social media on thursday . harry kane posted a picture to instagram reminiscing on st george's day .
doug hughes, 61, landed his gyrocopter on the west lawn of the u.s. capitol last wednesday to protest corruption in congress . he was swiftly taken into custody and is now under house arrest in florida as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone . on monday, hughes called his 80-mile journey to the capitol a 'huge thrill' and shared footage of his safe landing on the west lawn .
martin tyler has been a 'chief witness' of football for 40 years . he reminisced about liverpool's four-goal thriller against newcastle . robbie fowler scored the opening goal of the game for liverpool . les ferdinand and david ginola also scored for the magpies .
candice-marie fox was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011 . she underwent surgery and radiation treatment to 'mop up' the cancer . ms fox discovered a u.s. organisation called nutritional oncology research institute . her diet involved drinking 'morning juice', dipping into boxes of pineapples each hour and taking vitamins . she is planning to release her medical records without her personal details .
jordan sim-mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on facebook . the 24-year-old targeted businesses across greater manchester . career criminal claimed he worked in 'midnight removals' in his online profile . he was part of an armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries . sim-mutch was jailed after admitting a string of offences at minsull street crown court .
images show soldiers of the french second foreign parachute regiment dropping into hostile territory near terrorist havens on the libya-niger border . taken during an airborne operation at the 'salvador pass' at the border between libya and niger, the shots show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the sahel . france began setting up a command base in northern niger at the end of last year in efforts to combat a number of international jihadist groups .
certain types of music can bring out specific flavours in food and drink . nessun dorma, performed by luciano pavarotti, is said to be perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee . while high-pitched piano in billie holiday's autumn in new york can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding . 'digital seasoning' also applies to wine, helping drinkers enjoy their tipple by up to 15 per cent more, if served alongside the right music .
teenager from mossley, greater manchester, wanted to obtain abrin online . he pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at manchester youth court . he will be sentenced later this month for offence contrary to criminal attempts act 1981 and section 1 of the biological weapons act 1974 .
aaron miller: the u.s.-iran relationship is "overmatched" he says iran has no problem reconciling its bad behavior with u.s. policy on nuclear issue .
al qaeda-linked networks have altered communication methods . jihadist websites have released encryption programmes for followers . this makes it harder for extremists to be tracked down . last week john oliver flew to moscow to grill edward snowden .
cindy crawford, yasmin le bon and christie brinkley were household names in the 90s and 90s . now their daughters like caia gerber, georgia jagger and ella richards are making their own names in the fashion world . cindy crawford's daughter kaia gerber made her modelling debut for young versace aged just ten .
hillary clinton gave details of her daughter's pregnancy in a new epilogue for her memoir, hard choices, released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run . in the new chapter, she said she was 'unabashedly giddy' at the news that her daughter chelsea and her investment banker husband marc mezvinsky were expecting a baby . but, whereas she and bill had been disorganized ahead of the birth of chelsea, their daughter was far calmer and better prepared, she wrote .
passengers headed from kansas city, missouri, to denver, colorado, were instead diverted to colorado springs due to bad weather . the 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop - but then languished for another six hours before everyone was ordered off anyway . republic airlines offered passengers the chance to get off the plane after it had been stuck for three hours . but passengers were told that if they got off, that would be the end of their trip and they would have to make their own
hollie tillbrook, 17, was out with her boyfriend in basildon, essex, when she collapsed . doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart completely stopped . off-duty officers rushed to her side and gave her life-saving cpr . she was rushed to basildon hospital, where she was put into an induced coma . but she made an unexpected recovery which stunned medics .
tns survey shows snp has almost doubled its lead over labour in a month . 52% now back ms sturgeon with only 24% planning to vote for mr miliband . support for ukip in scotland is 'almost negligible', tns said .
swedish furniture store ikea has banned shoppers from napping . shoppers have taken to kicking off their shoes and catching forty winks . nappers have taken over more than half of beds and sofas in beijing .
hot dudes with dogs features men looking hot while posing with dogs . the account was started by staff writer kaylin pound . it relies on submissions via direct messages and has 148,000 followers . highlights include a tiny puppy looking into the camera while wearing its handsome owner's sunglasses, and another enjoying a float around a pool in a doughnut-print rubber ring .
people magazine has anointed sandra bullock the world's most beautiful woman of 2015 . bullock, 50, joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor . the oscar-winning star of movies including "gravity," "the blind side" and "crash"
ross barkley has had an indifferent campaign for everton . roberto martinez is backing the 21-year-old to become an even more influential player for the toffees . barkley has made two substitute appearances for england against lithuania and italy over the past week .
deposed masters champion bubba watson had to settle for an opening-day 70 . watson finished 38th at augusta national on sunday as the defence of his masters crown finished in disappointing fashion . huang wen-yi sits four shots off the pace at the shenzhen international .
george w. bush made the remarks at a meeting with jewish donors in las vegas . he suggested that obama's plan to lift sanctions on iran was not plausible . implied that america could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions on iran soon . and he said the comprehensive nuclear deal would likely have a negative impact on us national security in the future .
five opposition party leaders went head-to-head in last night's debate . labour's ed miliband, snp's nicola sturgeon, ukip's nigel farage, green's natalie bennett and plaid cymru's leanne wood went head-to-head .
pat senior, 66, has shared her five-bedroom home in bolton, greater manchester, with the animals . grandmother-of-four estimates she spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs . veterinary bills add another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets .
aimee craven, 32, claimed £20 tesco product and took it home in brough . but british transport police trawled through cctv to find her . they took her off a train as she travelled to work in brough, east yorkshire . miss craven, of hull, has been told it is likely she will receive caution for theft .
david raven scored the winner for inverness caledonian thistle in the scottish cup semi-final at hampden park . the 30-year-old was released by shrewsbury and tranmere in recent years . celtic wrote to the sfa crying about a penalty they weren't awarded against inverness . raven: 'for a club that size to write to the sfa is a bit much, it's definitely taken the gloss off it a little bit for me'
researchers studied stone tools used by people in the early ahmarian culture and the protoaurignacian culture, living in south and west europe and west asia around 40,000 years ago . they found the human tools were no more effective than neanderthal-created weapons of the same era . researchers say the discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived neanderthals - and that we may not have behaved as differently as we thought .
the facebook page of the so-called disciples of the new dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands comment on the group's anti-cesarean memes . the religious community, led by father patrick embry, is using the images to encourage fellow christians to shame 'lazy' and 'negligent' mothers who have elected to undergo c-sections . 'face the facts: you didn't really give birth. you caught a lucky break. please show respect to superior women who actually had what it took to get the job done,'
memphis depay has held talks with paris st germain with permission of his club psv . manchester united and liverpool are interested in signing the winger . depay is intrigued by the prospect of playing with zlatan ibrahimovic .
john terry scored chelsea's second goal against leicester on wednesday . terry is the club's joint third-highest goalscorer this season . loic remy and didier drogba have both scored seven goals this season .
little girl, around six or seven, filmed firing machine gun at isis in kurdish . egged on with cries of 'kill, kill' as man encourages her to kill more . she boasts she has killed 400 militants - but it is unclear exactly what she is at . isis known for using young recruits as executioners and suicide bombers .
isis has released a new propaganda video titled 'we will burn america' it warns there is 'no safety for any american on the globe' and claims the u.s. will burn in another 9/11-style attack . the 11 minute-long video also includes footage of the beheading of u.s. journalist james foley, as well as several mass beheadings and the burning of jordanian pilot muadh al-kasasbeh .
sharon winters was looking for her soulmate when she met kevin hawke online . but less than two weeks later she was stabbed in a frenzied knife attack . her brother stephen robinson has warned other women to be careful online . he said: 'she was a lonely heart just wanting love. that animal preyed on her caring nature'
alexis tsipras met the russian president in moscow yesterday . they struck potential deals over investment in energy and other projects . but mr tsipras insisted he had not asked for – or received – financial aid . greece has not received bailout funds since syriza took power in january .
the trackyourdose app was developed by germany-based firm esooka . it uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists . the £1.49 ($1.99) ios app keeps a record of a user's personal radiation . this includes exposure from changes in a person's location, and flights .
gareth bale was verbally abused by real madrid supporters on wednesday . the welshman was blamed for real's goalless draw with atletico madrid . it came almost a month after the world's most expensive footballer's white bentley was attacked by fans at the valdebebas base .
amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding . mr fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage . it was also a tribute to their father, who died of motor neuron disease .
the anantara is part of the palm project and is like nowhere else . it has three turquoise-blue 'lagoons' ideal for swimmers of all experience levels . rebecca and husband harry are expecting their first child in june .
kimi raikkonen's contract at ferrari runs out at the end of the season . the finn has not matched that of team-mate sebastian vettel . maurizio arrivabene has urged raikkonen to prove himself if he wants to stay .
rebecca exton-russell, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed for major brands . but the derby-based model was secretly 'repulsed' by her body . so she checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost two stone . went down from 14 stone to just below 12 stone in two months .
paul warren smith, 61, is facing an animal cruelty charge after police say he was caught on tape tossing five puppies over a six-foot fence at the humane society on saturday . the video shows the man pulling the five puppies from a cardboard box recovered from the back of the van and flinging them over the fence . all five of the puppies are healthy and uninjured; each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old .
muslim authority in charge of judaism's holiest site fitted carpet 'behind backs' when old carpet was lifted, it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs - which could point to where the ark of the covenant was buried 2,500 years ago . israeli scholars are angry they did not get the chance to document the designs before workmen began laying the new carpet .
didier drogba scored the equaliser for chelsea against leicester on wednesday . the 37-year-old set up the 'didier drogba foundation in africa' . drogba said he came from a poor family and played football in the streets . chelsea stars eden hazard, petr cech and branislav ivanovic raised £400,000 for the foundation at a charity ball earlier this month .
stella maxwell, 24, was born in belgium to irish parents stella maynes and maurice maxwell, who worked as a diplomat . moved to canberra, australia, then wellington, new zealand thanks to her father's job . she has since gone on to land coveted campaigns for asos, alexander mcqueen, river island and urban outfitters .
sudden rise in use among powerful women is said to be down to the way that the colour is perceived . samantha cameron opted for a pale dusty pink silk top on the campaign trail for the local and european elections last may . lorraine kelly and ruth langsford can regularly be seen in pink dresses while presenting their itv tv shows .
anika stanford, mother of vincent stanford, is helping detectives with the murder case against her son . ms stanford is believed to have given police information which led them to a road in the cocoparra national park, where they discovered ms scott's burnt remains on april 10 . ms stanford's son, 24, has been charged with the easter sunday murder of ms scott, who disappeared the weekend before her wedding to fiance aaron leeson-woolley 
st. charles parish sheriff greg champagne says cpl. burt hazeltine, 36, was shot three times in the face, elbow and eye thursday morning . a male suspect, 56-year-old paul devillier, was arrested a short time later after a brief 'tussle' with police . hazeltine returned fire, but it was unclear whether devillier was wounded .
brett robinson, 32, is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct . she allegedly let the inmate out of his cell and engaged in sex acts . she 'had sex with him six times in four months between march and july 2013' robinson claims she was 'gullible' and suffers from mental illness . follows lisa curry, 39, who was sentenced to over four years prison last month for repeatedly having sex with a 25-year-old gang member .
manchester city lost 4-2 to manchester united at old trafford on sunday . joe hart said it was one of his 'worst days in a man city shirt' . city are four points behind premier league leaders chelsea .
denise chiffon berry, 44, and her son were driving in hawthorne, california on wednesday afternoon when they passed by three men in a cadillac . one of the men had his legs dangling out of the window . ms berry died at the scene while her unidentified son survived .
during a question and answer session at the white house for their annual take our daughter's and son's to work day a little girl named anya brodie asked michelle obama her age . 'i'm 51,' replied michelle obama . the little girl yelled in amazement, 'you look too young!' a flattered obama asked brodie to repeat her effortless compliment back into the microphone .
britt lapthorne, from melbourne, was last seen at the latin club fuego in the coastal, tourist town of dubrovnik in 2008 . croatian police never solved the mystery of how the student's body came to be in nearby boninovo bay . her family believes ms lapthorne was murdered, her body weighted down and dumped at sea . it has now emerged a victorian inquest into her death will be closed .
zhou yongkang is an ally of bo xilai, the top official jailed two years ago over the murder of briton neil heywood . he is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets . zhou, 72, is the highest-level official charged as part of president xi jinping's anti-corruption campaign .
mitzi neyens, 77, was the last link in a chain of 34 kidney transplants--the world's longest such chain to date . neyen received a kidney march 26 after her husband gave his kidney to someone else in need . in turn, neyen received an organ from matt crane, 55, who lives outside of philadelphia . crane's wife michele's type 1 diabetes caused her to need a new kidney, which she received thanks to her husband's generosity .
diwalinen vankar, 58, had gone to wash her daughter kanta, 19, in india . a crocodile grabbed kanta's leg and dragged her into the vishwamitri river . vankar grabbed her daughter's hand to try and free her from the crocodile . but the crocodile clasped its jaws round her daughter with razor-sharp teeth . she fought off the crocodile with a washing paddle with a wooden bat .
joseph o'riordan, 73, was sitting on polegate town council in east sussex . he grew suspicious his wife amanda, 47, was having an alleged affair . hired a private investigator to follow her and they agreed to stay together . but o'riordan attacked mrs o'riordan - stabbing her in chest, torso, arms and back . mrs o'riordan was stabbed in chest, torso, arms and back
will stack, a 22-year-old u.s. army national guardsman, was stopped by a 'caucasian officer' in lexington county, south carolina, on wednesday . he used the empty median lane to access the left turn lane, which was full . moments later, he was stopped for 'improper use of the median' . mr stack, who was unarmed, was shot dead by an unarmed black father-of-four . he has now released a video disputing claims that
a new survey by ripley's believe it or not has shown who we would most like to have as our celebrity parents . david beckham was voted the number one celebrity figure brits would love to have as a dad . holly willoughby was voted the perfect mother figure . katie hopkins was voted the person we would least like to have as our celebrity mother .
half of women were assaulted before they were 18 years old . poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour .
chinese cybercensors have developed a new it weapon, a study says . the "great cannon" has attacked servers outside china, including in the united states . researchers fear it could be used for an array of attacks beyond what they've observed .
jose mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third premier league title . former chelsea defender paulo ferreira expects mourinho to stay . ferreira also wants to see didier drogba extend his stay at stamford bridge .
kristen jarvis, 34, is moving on to become the ford foundation president darren walker's chief of staff . jarvis has been with michelle obama since 2005 when she joined the obamas' senate office . she worked on obama's 2008 campaign and then michelle's staff leading up to the election before becoming her top personal aide .
leonie granger, 25, was convicted of manslaughter over death of mehmet hassan . granger lured mr hassan with £50 notes at a casino in london's west end . she left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside . they tied up mr hassan and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home . police found damning mobile phone footage of granger and the men laughing .
duke and duchess of cambridge to appear in new comedy spoof show . puppets will be joined by prince harry, beyonce and paul hollywood . six-part series, newzoids, starts later this month on itv .
newcastle united host swansea at st james' park on saturday afternoon . newcastle have lost their last six premier league games under john carver . supporters' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute .
glowing tributes were paid yesterday to cricketing legend richie benaud, after his death at 84 from skin cancer . david cameron said he had ‘grown up listening to richie benaud’s wonderful cricket commentary’, while tony abbott called it ‘a sad day for australia’ . benaud will not be returning to england next summer to sustain his pre-eminence as cricket’s finest commentator .
shiraz nawaz, 36, narrowly missed being burnt alive by massive fireball . the father-of-two said he felt lucky to be alive after 15-foot flames erupted . he had walked over manhole in busy street in shirley, west midlands .
stoke city lost 1-0 to chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . charlie adam scored sensational 66-yard effort from inside his own half . adam saw thibaut courtois off his line but couldn't deny him .
nico rosberg claims lewis hamilton has the mental edge over him . british driver made a complaint about hamilton's slow driving . but rosberg admits he would not do anything differently .
nicole howley, 25, chloe pearsall, 26, joanne fisher, 36, barbara holcroft, 63, and chloe pearsall, 26, all jailed for ill-treating a person as a carer at wentworth croft care home in bretton, cambridgeshire . all four women waged their hate-filled campaign at the facility throughout 2013 . judge sean enright said he had to deal with his own 'revulsion' to find a 'just
darren jones was seen stepping away from podium in front of opponents . the 28-year-old complained of pins and needles in his legs . he then collapsed in front of presenter ellie pitt and his opponents . channel was forced to cut to commercials as the labour candidate recovered . mr jones blamed his collapse on a cold brought on by his campaign .
"the price is right" contestant manuela arbelaez gets a new hyundai sonata . the game show host couldn't stop laughing .
jay hart, 24, was caught having drunken sex with a fan in the dugout . he was dismissed after the sex clip was shared on social media . his girlfriend bryony hibbert, 25, has slammed those responsible . he said he had no idea who the woman was and reached out to wayne rooney .
labour leader’s secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to ‘relish the chance to show who i am’ . in handwritten notes, mr miliband appears to exhort himself to ‘use the people at home’ . mr miliband faced criticism last week for his ‘stiff’, mannered performance .
fred pagan, 49, is personal assistant to sen. thad cochran (r-ms) cochran allegedly acquired date rape drug gbl from a dealer in china . police seized a package addressed to pagan with 181.5 grams of meth . pagan was paid $160,000 in his senate role last year .
the short film has been developed on an oculus rift - a virtual reality headset . it is based on an actual incident when u.s. airways flight 1549 was forced into a landing on water in 2009 . the airbus a320, piloted by captain chesley b. sullenberger, was forced to land in the hudson river .
a goat was found headbutting a door in paramus, new jersey, on saturday . the animal was captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen . a plastic bag was used to avoid contact with the livestock, and it was handed over to animal control .
technology is based on a technique known as 'neuromodulation' in which electricity from a chip stimulates the nervous system to restore sight . surgeon first implants a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina . when the patient puts on the system's dark glasses, an integrated video camera sends images to a portable computer . a connected 'pocket processor' converts that recording into an infrared image, which the goggles will then beam into the eye .
the amsterdam falafel shop in washington dc, us, matches five falafels to different strains of marijuana .
daisy goodwin has suffered with lice since she was 19 . she says she has had nits at least 100 times since then . lice is an egg sac laid by the female louse on the hair shaft of their hosts .
dani alves' barcelona contract expires in the summer . manchester united and liverpool are keeping tabs on the defender . dinorah santana has revealed there is a deal on the table from the club .
zeus, an 11-year-old retired k-9 officer, was honored in a grand procession on wednesday by the ridgefield police department . the german shepherd, who served eight years in the force, took his last ride in a squad car during the procession . zeus was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health .
geraldine alcorn, 29, of pittsburgh, waived a preliminary hearing on wednesday on a felony charge that she interfered with the girl's legal custody . prosecutors allege alcorn encrypted her phone number on the girl's math homework, exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even talked of adopting and running away with the girl . the girl's mother, a single parent, complained to school officials after finding out alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working .
pound fell to near 1.46 against the us dollar, its lowest level since june 2010 . different polls have variously put the tories and labour narrowly ahead . experts have warned of impact on economy of badly hung parliament .
inverness beat celtic 3-2 in the scottish cup final on sunday . josh meekings stopped a leigh griffiths header during the game . the defender was banned for one game for deliberate handball . a judicial panel tribunal threw out his ban on thursday .
andreas lubitz, 27, crashed his germanwings plane into the alps on march 24 . investigators believe he locked his captain out of the cockpit and deliberately crashed the plane, killing all 150 people on board . tablet computer found at his apartment reveals he used internet search terms such as cockpit doors and their security, and suicide methods . revelations came hours after it was reported that lubitz told doctors he was on sick leave rather than flying .
the 20-year-old woman was driving on the i-25 in weld county, north of denver, when her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck . she was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck . the bullet did not damage the woman's airway or sever any major blood vessels .
fulham drew 1-1 with rotherham at st james' park on saturday . matt derbyshire opened the scoring for the millers . ross mccormack equalised for fulham .
hector morejon, 19, was shot by a police officer, who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident . his mother, lucia morejon, was at home when she heard the shots . she went to an alley near her home to see what happened and then realized it was her son in the ambulance .
the slants are an asian-american band from portland, oregon, who pay homage to the '80s on stage . the u.s. patent and trademark office decided that "slant" was disparaging to asians, and denied them a trademark registration . lz granderson: this isn't the first time someone has "taken back" a marginalizing term in a trademark fight .
survivors gathered at the site of the former bergen-belsen concentration camp to mark the 70th anniversary of its liberation . more than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the concentration camp including diarist anne frank and her older sister margot . hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials . german president joachim gauck said the british soldiers who liberated the camp were 'ambassadors of a democratic culture'
spitfire p9374 was among the first built in march 1940 but never made it to the battle of britain as it crashed over dunkirk in may 1940 . the fighter plane was being piloted by flying officer peter cazenove when it was hit by a single bullet from a german dornier bomber . casenove was captured by the nazis and taken to the stalag luft iii prisoner of war camp . in 1980 the wreckage was discovered when part of it was spotted poking out from its sandy grave
tianwen chen, 65, and his wife gairen guo, 60, have adopted 40 children . they found their first child in a box on the roadside in 1989 . gradually took more and more disabled children into their home . but the couple are only now living comfortably with 12 of the children .
claudia winkleman is the first presenter of the bbc dance contest to be nominated for the baftas . the 43-year-old will compete in the entertainment performance category at next month’s awards with ant and dec, graham norton and celebrity juice host leigh francis .
swansea beat hull city 2-0 at the liberty stadium on saturday . bafetimbi gomis doubled the home side's lead in the first half . the french striker scored a spectacular overhead kick shortly before half-time . steve bruce's side have now lost their last seven premier league games .
photographer martin beck has snapped captain america, iron man and the green lantern taking a step back from fighting crime . the dubai-based artist of scottish and south african heritage has produced the series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour . his subjects look like they can't get over the fact they've had to retire, or like they never quite passed at superhero school .
randy boehning, a 52-year-old republican who's represented fargo since 2002, sent messages and a photo of his penis to a 21-year-old gay man in bismark named dustin smith . smith recognized boehning and took his story, and explicit photo, to the press . but the public official claimed his private life was revealed as part of a fellow lawmaker's retaliation for his vote against a bill that would afford protections to gays .
deputy robert bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in eric harris' death . sheriff stanley glanz says two deputies have been reassigned because of threats against them .
ben powers died at his new bedford, massachusetts home on april 6 at the age of 64 . he is best known for his part on the cbs sitcom good times, playing the husband of thelma's husband keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979 . powers' on-screen wife bern nadette stanis wrote an emotion message on facebook on thursday to mark the actor's death .
callum wilson opened the scoring for bournemouth in the fourth minute . eddie howe's side have now gone three games without a win in the premier league . wilson's 22nd goal of the season set them on their way to a third successive win at the madejski stadium .
manchester city beat west ham 2-0 at the etihad stadium on sunday . david silva was caught in the face by cheikhou kouyate . the spaniard was taken to hospital but tests have confirmed he suffered no fractures . manuel pellegrini's side are joint top of the premier league table .
when a star reaches its white dwarf stage, nearly all of the material from the star is packed inside a radius one hundredth that of the original star . gravity at the surface of a white dwarf is over ten thousand times higher than the gravity at the surface of the sun .
senior constable neale mcshane is set to retire from his decade long post in birdsville, which borders on the simpson desert in far south-west queensland . the 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states . temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees, giving rise to a number of desert rescues that mcshane must execute every year .
the fbi is investigating a possible isis-inspired terrorist threat in the united states . it's not clear whether the threat is real or aspirational .
hazmat teams tested a white powdery substance sent to u.s. rep mike doyle's office on wednesday causing the building to temporarily close down . a staff member in doyle's washington d.c. office opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted capitol police . the tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of room 239 of the cannon house office building was removed at 3:37 p.m. on wednesday .
sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from the pennines northwards, and there were small accumulations yesterday in the cairngorms . meanwhile the met office has a severe yellow ‘be aware’ ice warning for north-east scotland, warning motorists of a disruption risk until 7am today . pershore in worcestershire had the uk's top temperature of 14.8c (58.6f) yesterday, while morecambe saw 14.1 hours of sunshine .
incumbent chicago mayor rahm emanuel celebrated tuesday night a hard-fought victory in a tense run-off race against challenger jesus 'chuy' garcia . emanuel, a former white house chief of staff notorious for his brusque management style, was forced to campaign furiously across the city to beat garcia . the mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago .
duke of york visited akzonobel, a paint firm based in slough, florida . visibly relieved andrew smiled broadly as he chatted to employees . he has always denied any relationship with virginia roberts, now 31 .
david tungate, 58, was left devastated after the marriage to his first gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her to the uk . he then remarried, but his second wife turned out to be a serial bigamist who conned him out of £24,000 of his retirement money . determined not to let the experiences put him off, david is now dating a third gambian woman .
dogs can detect prostate cancer with 93% accuracy when sniffing urine samples . research carried out by milan charity medical detection dogs . co-founder dr claire guest hailed the 'spectacular' results .
hillary clinton, 67, is aiming to become 44th president of the united states . if successful, she will be the country's first female president and second oldest ever to open the doors to the white house behind ronald reagan .
the four-day easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday . changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries, fire services around australia say . the time change affects all states except queensland, the northern territory and western australia, where daylight saving is not observed .
daniel sturridge may not play again this season because of a series of calf and thigh injuries . the liverpool striker missed five months with calf and thigh issues . brendan rodgers admits it has been a difficult year for sturridge . liverpool face hull city on tuesday night in the premier league .
senator elizabeth warren said thursday that she's relieved dzhokhar tsarnaev has been found guilty of carrying out the boston marathon bombings . warren stuck by her anti-death penalty stance, saying: 'i don't support the death penalty. he should spend his life in jail - no possibility of parole - he should die in prison. but that's just how i see it. it's up to the jury' tsarnaev, 21, was found guilty
smugglers cottage in smugglers cove, cornwall, has summer and winter cottages, linked via a lift . the property has seven bedrooms, six reception rooms and seven bathrooms, and stunning views of smugglers cove . the summer cottage has three bedrooms and the winter cottage has four, and can be used separately .
emails show the active role that cylvia hayes, kitzhaber's longtime companion, played in his scandalous administration . hayes routinely attended meetings, was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees . kitzhaber, a democrat, resigned in february, saying the influence-peddling allegations surrounding hayes had become too much of a distraction .
alex s had all 19 teeth removed over four weeks in munich, germany . dentist - known only as k - said he was a 'recognised healer' . he said he healed him by removing his 'poisonous' teeth . but in court k said he pulled teeth out because mr s had bone inflammation and was allergic to fillings .
the male employee and a female accomplice allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at denver international airport last year . the tsa received an anonymous tip in november last year that an employee had admitted to 'groping' men who came through security . the male employee would then perform pat downs of the male passenger's genitals at the colorado airport . the female employee was questioned and admitted she had taken part in the assaults on unsuspecting passengers a total of 11 times .
iker casillas kept a clean sheet against rayo vallecano on wednesday night . the 33-year-old has been subjected to heavy criticism throughout the season . real madrid have slipped four points behind la liga leaders barcelona .
ben stokes gave marlon samuels a military-style send-off salute on thursday . england closed on 373 for six, a lead of 74, thanks to joe root's unbeaten 118 . curtly ambrose, now the bowling coach, insisted that samuels was just having a bit of fun .
arsenal face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday at 4pm . arsene wenger has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with jose mourinho . wenger insists his woeful record against mourinho will be irrelevant .
harriet harman has refused to rule out above-inflation taxes on fuel, alcohol, tobacco or air fares . chancellor george osborne said labour would bring back ‘fuel duty escalator’, which raised the levy by level of inflation plus 1p per litre .
three former managers of the aids healthcare foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals . employees were paid $100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results to its clinics and pharmacies . the los angeles-based company cares for more than 400,000 patients in 36 countries and is leading a mass testing initiative to identify and treat an estimated 25 million people who don't know they are infected .
arsenal under 21s face stoke city at the emirates stadium on tuesday night . jack wilshere, mikel arteta and abou diaby all started for the young gunners . serge gnabry, dan crowley and dan o'connor also started .
matthew riches allegedly dropped drug into woman's drink at kensington club . 29-year-old appeared at isleworth crown court dressed in pinstripe suit . judge told riches his trial would take place on august 10 at isleworth crown court .
in 84 days from november 2013 to january 2014, the area around azle, texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes . scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground . this adds to other studies that linked injecting wastewater from energy wells to a tremendous jump in earthquakes in oklahoma and southern kansas .
a measles outbreak that affected more than 130 californians since december is over . it has been 42 days since the last known case of b3 strain of measles .
manchester united have put in a £21.5m bid for mats hummels . the german champions value their captain at £35million . united also want to bring in real madrid's sami khedira as their new captain .
reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song . in a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing . and they were a third less likely to 'hear' it when chewing gum . the results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts .
devendra bishoo will play in the second test against england . wrist spin has been a bete noire for england for more than a decade . west indies captain denesh ramdin confirmed bishoo will play .
nyia parler cannot be extradited until she completes an unspecified "treatment," police say . the quadriplegic man was left in philadelphia's cobbs creek park for more than four days .
steve harmison has led ashington afc to seven wins on the spin . the 36-year-old is a boyhood newcastle fan and is doing well with the side . harmison took the job after ashington were beaten 4-1 by crook town .
james hayward had arrived at east midlands airport with parents phil, 44, and hazel, 38, with his brightly coloured toy gun packed in his hand luggage . but security officers took exception to his harmless toy when it was picked up on the system's x-ray machines . they demanded he hand it over and performed a thorough patting down and inspection of the four-year-old . the boy's father has labelled the security checks 'ludicrous' and criticized how staff reacted in the situation .
david bowie, 68, wrote new songs and arranged older music for production . cult classic starred bowie as alien who fell in love with television and alcohol . he is not expected to perform in the production, titled lazarus . production will be spearheaded by dutch ivo van hove, who used bowie's music in one of his own productions last year .
ryan wray, 26, was charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse in relation to a series of alleged assaults . the pi kappa alpha chapter at usu decided to suspend wray after his arrest and then 'voluntarily ceased operations, other than general meetings' .
lee keeley, 38, grabbed the woman and hit her head against a wall . he then stamped on her head and chest at lincoln county court . keeley chased her round the courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair . he was jailed for two years and given an indefinite restraining order .
s300 rocket barely manages to take off before plummeting back to earth . thud can be heard as the weapon makes feeble attempt to launch . seconds later, rocket goes out of view and massive explosion can be heard .
hamish baillie claims he was abused by lord janner during a game of hide-and-seek . the 86-year-old's dementia made him unfit to plead, alison saunders said . one victim waived his right to anonymity to say decision 'beggars belief' .
floyd mayweather has shared a video flaunting his opulent lifestyle on instagram . the boxer hits back at his supposed 'haters' ahead of manny pacquiao bout . the 38-year-old is expected to earn around £120million for the fight . mayweather is a proud member of mayweather's money team brand .
director of public prosecutions alison saunders faced calls to stand down . campaigners, police and mps accused her of ignoring victims' rights . one predecessor said allegations should have been resolved in court . but mrs saunders fought back saying it is her job to make 'difficult decisions'
south korea's prime minister lee wan-koo offers to resign amid a growing political scandal . lee will stay in his official role until south korean president park geun-hye accepts his resignation . park geun-hye has transferred his role of chairing cabinet meetings to the deputy prime minister for the time being .
marie d'argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at the princeton complex in melbourne dropped suddenly on october 9 . the 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a 'loss of libido', 'sexual discomfort and impairment' and 'curtailment of ­sexual adventurism' she recently filed a statement of claim at the county court of victoria to seek compensation for her injuries .
man, in his 20s, was struck by a northern line train at stockwell station . he bent down to pick up his bag and was hit on the head by the train . commuters screamed as he was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers was convicted of leaving a house to rot . rodgers was fined £400 and £375 costs, with a £40 surcharge at blackburn magistrates' court . the pair had been ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof, and to remove the rubbish from the garden . the house is located in an area undergoing a £13million regeneration project .
steven davis, 57, of milton, believes his sister, debra davis, was murdered by bulger in 1981, despite the jury returning a 'no finding' verdict . mr davis said he and his family are upset and offended that people will be profiting from their tragedy . 'it's sad for the movie industry, it's sad for the actors,' he said .
glenn murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season . harry kane and diego costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as this season's top scorer . papiss cisse and olivier giroud have had their seasons interrupted by injury and suspension .
drake appears dazed after madonna kisses him onstage at coachella . the rapper says he feels 100 about the kiss . piers morgan: "so @drake proves that kissing @madonna is about as ghastly as i always imagined it would be"
cuba has been hiding fugitives like charlie hill for 43 years . hill is facing charges of killing a new mexico police officer and hijacking an airliner to havana . hill wants to return to the united states .
labour leader insists he does not live in a 'mansion' despite admitting it is worth 'between £2m and £3m' mr miliband said he would have to pay £250 a month 'mansion tax' on homes worth more than £2m . but he claimed this did not mean he actually lived in a mansion . comes despite revelations his four-storey victorian town house has two kitchens – including one for the family's live-in nanny .
zella jackson price, 76, was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died . but the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption . melanie diane gilmore, 49, has been reunited with her mother after 49 years .
boeing 737 cargo plane slid along runway for 380ft before coming to a stop . pilot and co-pilot escaped injury and there were no passengers on board . plane's left main landing gear came off due to heat damage to chrome plating .
toronto-born crombie died on wednesday in new york, his sister said . he was best known for his role as gilbert blythe in the canadian television drama film anne of green gables and two sequels . crombie was discovered as an actor when he was 17 years old in a high-school production of the wizard of oz .
taxes will be £12billion a year higher under labour than the tories, experts say . institute for fiscal studies said ed miliband's 'vague' promise would allow labour to borrow £90billion more than the tories by 2020 . this would rise to £280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade if labour remained in power .
nicola adams has pulled out of the english national championships . adams had been due to fight lisa whiteside in the women's 51kg flyweight division . two cars, training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken .
darron gibson will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage . everton manager roberto martinez expects gibson to be ready for pre-season as he does not require surgery . gibson has endured a wretched time over the last 18 months, not least when he ruptured cruciate ligaments . tom cleverley will become a free agent in july when his manchester united contract expires .
lewis hamilton says he will do his talking 'on the track' ahead of bahrain grand prix . mercedes pair left shanghai after chinese grand prix arguing over rights and wrongs of how they raced . hamilton is 17 points behind mercedes team-mate nico rosberg .
cctv footage of the violent altercation between barry lyttle and his brother, patrick, has been released for the first time . barry, from belfast in ireland's north, has been charged with grievous bodily harm and has pleaded guilty to the charge . he could spend up to two years in a sydney jail, despite his brother's calls for the charges to be dropped . the brothers were seen chatting jovially and patting each other on the back before the fight escalated .
ipsos mori asked 98 candidates what they thought the most important issues were . not one labour candidate listed the deficit or government spending . 5% of lib dems and 9% of snp candidates mentioned the deficit .
christian benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3 with qpr on tuesday . benteke has scored six goals in eight games for villa . tim sherwood has revived emmanuel adebayor's career at tottenham .
floyd mayweather is a little more than two weeks away from the richest-ever boxing fight against manny pacquiao . mayweather broke away from bob arum, who is the promoter of the other combatant in the richest fight of all time . pacquiao will also earn more than $100million in las vegas on may 2 .
snp leader nicola sturgeon refuses to rule out demanding a re-run . opponents claim she has 'broken a promise the size of ben nevis' in september, 55 per cent of scots backed the idea of remaining in the united kingdom .
video posted by youtube user richard stewart shows a porsche cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on prince edward island in canada . the car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median . 'just cause you have a nice car doesn't make you a good driver. don't let your son drive your porsche!' wrote stewart .
frank ernest shepherd, iii of houston, texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop . the pursuit began a little after 10am, when shepherd peeled off and led a fleet of cars on a chase across grass medians, parking lots and busy intersections . he then slammed into another car, totaling the front of his car and forcing him to get out of his vehicle . after reaching into his backseat, two officers fired 10 to 12 rounds
the medicines and healthcare products regulatory agency (mhra) has approved phynova joint and muscle relief . contains sigesbeckia, a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis .
dino maglio was sentenced to six and a half years in prison on tuesday . the former italian police officer is on trial in padua, northern italy . prosecutors said maglio spiked a glass of baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquilliser pill . maglio claimed sex with the girl was consensual but admitted he was ‘stupid’ to spike her drink .
jason zobott, 16, is enrolled in huntley high's blended learning program . the program combines internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting . in 2015, the school is working toward enrolling the majority of its students .
owen farrell hopes to be fit for saracens' european champions cup semi-final against clermont auvergne on april 18 . farrell suffered a knee ligament injury against clermont in the champions cup in january . the fly-half missed the entire rbs 6 nations campaign with bath's george ford filling the number 10 shirt .
the large hadron collider (lhc) is the largest particle accelerator in the world . after a two-year shutdown, scientists at the european organization for nuclear research completed final tests . the lhc generates up to 600 million particles per second, with a beam circulating for 10 hours .
wigan winger jermaine pennant scored a stunning free-kick to level the scores at craven cottage . fulham striker ross mccormack opened the scoring with a shot after four minutes . matt smith doubled fulham's advantage shortly after half-time when he slotted home from a corner .
the protesters mounted admiralty arch, which joins trafalgar square with the mall, and called for others to join them . banners bearing messages such as 'respect existence or expect resistance' were seen hanging from the grade-i listed building, as the masked demonstrators sat with their legs dangling over the side . the gatehouse, built as a memorial to queen victoria, was sold in 2012 after a spanish hotel developer paid £60 million to buy it from the government .
genes for good was set up by biostatisticians from the university of michigan . it was designed to survey the health of millions of social network users . users can also send in spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes . the app is available for free to people aged over 18 in the us .
novak djokovic started shouting at his backroom team during the miami open . the serbian grabbed a towel from a ball boy who got caught up in the crossfire . djokovic apologised to the ball boy and his parents on facebook .
paul mcgowan has been handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer . he has been confined to his home from 7pm to 7am for 16 weeks . dundee boss paul hartley says he will not risk playing the troubled midfielder again this season .
54 per cent of single women say the best part of being single is to be able to go straight to bed . for men, the best perk is the 'variety of sexual partners' . while more than half of the population claim finding ‘the one’ is their biggest priority in life, women seem to be 'all talk and no action' when it comes to finding 'mr right'
freddie gray's family had asked there be quiet on baltimore's streets . but a handful of people repeated the family's message . "i want them all to go back home," says rev. jamal bryant .
adele mckenzie was set to marry her partner of nine years, david elliot, in february . the 31-year-old had already paid $1,000 to 'the bridal centre' for her dress . she started paying in february and planned to pay off her dress by july - around three months before her wedding - giving her time to make alterations . ms mckenzie was one of around 140 brides who received the same 'generic' email informing them their dream dresses may not be coming . m
charlotte li, 26, from london, decided to design healthy selfie with her husband joe . they both achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies . the idea came after an over-indulgent christmas left charlotte feeling 'fat' joe also charted his own success through a series of selfies before he and charlotte decided to launch the app .
keith cameron scammed friend and neighbour jonathan speirs out of £476,864 . he promised jonathan a £2m return on his investment in just two years . cameron spent the money on a new york flat for his daughter erin, 17 . his widow, elizabeth, said: 'my daughters and i will be dealing with the consequences of his crime both emotionally and financially for the rest of our lives'
clarkson and colleagues were on brink of lucrative new three-year deal . james may said he had prematurely celebrated by ordering rare ferrari . clarkson punched producer oisin tymon in a rage over a hot meal . offer was taken away after clarkson's infamous 'fracas' with producer . clarkson was sensationally sacked by the bbc last month . richard hammond has confirmed he will not return to top gear this week .
a study that found almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft, malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years . most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives . cyber-security experts say thieves may try to use patients' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services .
today marks the 26th anniversary of the hillsborough disaster . a memorial service will be held at anfield to remember the 96 people who died . liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims .
scientists at the shadow robot company spent 18 years developing the hands . they are each governed by 24 motors, 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors . hands can chop, stir, whisk and baste well enough to recreate anything . device will be sold as early as 2017 as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen .
crystal palace host manchester city at selhurst park (monday 8pm) alan pardew's side have no fresh injury concerns ahead of the game . marouane chamakh and fraizer campbell are still sidelined with a hamstring injury . yaya toure is fit after missing city's last game with an achilles injury .
ashley young feels he has an important role to play at manchester united . the 29-year-old moved to old trafford in june 2011 from aston villa . young admits it took time for him to come into his own at the club .
vlad tarasov filmed himself ski down the slopes at boston's largest snow farm located in the city's seaport district . the one-minute video gives a first-person perspective of pushing through the filthy, trash-filled ice pile . 'i've been skiing for 20 years, but never like this,' said tarasov about the 'surreal' experience .
kell brook defeated jo jo dan to retain his ibf welterweight title last month . amir khan has agreed a fight with the undefeated 28-year-old on may 30 . khan has reiterated his intention to fight brook within the next 12 months .
police raided alan greaves's home in colne, lancashire, in september 2013 . they found almost 20,000 images of child abuse on his computer and mobile . greaves claimed the illuminati framed him by downloading the images . burnley crown court heard there were also 17,821 other indecent images . the father-of-eight was jailed for 21 months at burnley crown court .
celtic beat kilmarnock 4-1 in the scottish cup semi-final on wednesday . leigh griffiths scored a hat-trick in the 19th minute . darryl westlake and kris commons scored for celtic .
le femme, in new jersey, offers training to transgender women . includes lessons on how to walk gracefully in heels and speak like a lady . also includes a complete male-to-female makeover . mother-of-three ellen weirich has been helping transgender women for decades . charges from $44 (£30) to $400 (£270) per session .
a white police officer claims he feared for his life and is justified in killing an unarmed black man . walter scott was killed in north charleston, south carolina, on tuesday .
manchester city players train at their etihad campus on wednesday . sergio aguero fine-tuned his finishing skills with some shooting practice . yaya toure and samir nasri are reportedly two players who could leave the club in the summer .
norwich midfielder alexander tettey scored an own goal to give middlesbrough an early lead . aitor karanka's side move top of the championship with victory . middlesbrough could be overtaken by bournemouth on saturday .
jack henry doshay, 22, appeared in court for the first time on friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping, false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty . the suspect's parents, karen and glenn doshay, are a minority owner of the san diego padres and a former investment manager . doshay was arrested on wednesday, nine days after he allegedly tried to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from skyline elementary school in solana beach
mark gentle, from farmington, maine, found his son carter sobbing because he thought the scar from his fifth open-heart surgery was 'ugly' he posted a photo of the little boy's chest to facebook in the hopes of generating some wider support and, in turn, boost his confidence . carter, who has a congenital heart defect, has had five operations to repair his pacemaker .
magnitude 3.1 earthquake caused a 'sharp jolt' to be felt north of los angeles . quake was centered four miles north of san fernando near interstate 210 . jolt was felt widely in the san fernando valley and parts of northern los angeles county .
england have been drawn with the republic of ireland, holland and italy . john peacock's young lions are the defending european champions . scotland have been placed in group c alongside greece, russia and france . the tournament will take place in the east bulgarian venues of burgas, sozopol, sliven and stara zagora between may 6 and 22 .
dale and debra krein of rogue river, oregon, filed a lawsuit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant tibetan mastiffs . the kreins claimed their neighbors' dogs have caused them more than a decade of disquiet by barking until 5am . a jury ruled that the canines should be debarked within 60 days .
vladmir lenin was behind the bolshevik take-over of power in russia in 1917 . his remains were embalmed on stalin's orders when he died aged 53 in 1924 . they were kept on display in moscow apart from a period in the second world war . a team known as the 'mausoleum group' has developed techniques to maintain the look and feel of the communist revolutionary's corpse . they brag that their technique has been the result of almost a century of fine-tuning
police officer michael rapiejko rammed his car into armed robbery suspect mario valencia in marana, arizona on february 19 . dash cam footage showed rapiejko mounting the curb and mowing down valencia . valencia remained in hospital for two days before being booked into jail .
rurik jutting, a british banker, is charged with two counts of murder in hong kong . police say jutting called them to an upmarket apartment in the middle of wan chai . there they found a woman lying on the blood-splattered floor, police say . during a search of the apartment, officers uncovered another body hidden in a suitcase .
patties foods has found no link between its nanna's brand frozen mixed berries and a national hepatitis a outbreak . the company said no hepatitis a virus or e.coli were detected in any sample of its recalled and non-recalled product during its own testing . hepatitis a is spread when traces of faecal matter containing the virus come in contact with hands, water or food and then enters a person's mouth .
ciara campbell, 43, accused of spying on ex-partner pc stuart swarbrick 200 times . court heard she also spied on pc swarbrick's new girlfriend 50 times . campbell denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data .
brian rogers and caitlin mcguire own the breckenridge cannabis club, a recreational marijuana dispensary . colorado became the first state in the nation to allow the sale of recreational marijuana . rogers and mcguire's journey to build a legal marijuana empire is documented in the new cnn original series "high profits"
labour attempted to rebuff a letter criticising the party by publishing its own message calling for a labour government signed by people ‘from all walks of life’ . the signatories, who said they were ‘all working people’, warned about the ‘proliferation of zero-hours contracts’ they claimed were ‘letting down britain’ . but within hours the plan was in chaos as it was found the signatories included a benefit fraudster, trade unionists and the cigar-smoking children of millionaires .
leeds rhinos defeated castleford rhinos 26-12 at mend-a-hose jungle . kevin sinfield has retired from super league football . rhinos captain will switch codes at the end of 2015 .
miracle godson, 13, jumped into deep waters at east quarry, wigan . friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found . lancashire police say his death is not being treated as suspicious .
chris smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at manchester united . the england defender had been linked with a move to arsenal . smalling has become a regular for louis van gaal this season .
robert dellinger, 54, drove across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming suv on december 7, 2013 . amanda murphy, 24, and jason timmons, 29, were killed instantly . dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself . during sentencing wednesday, he said he has 'never been suicidal' .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at selhurst park on monday . steve parish wants to bring in extra investment to improve selhurst park . parish says alan pardew will have funds to bring in transfer targets .
rafa benitez took napoli into the europa league semi-finals on thursday . the serie a side beat wolfsburg 6-3 on aggregate to reach the final . it will be benitez's seventh major european semi-final in 12 seasons . the spaniard has managed valencia, liverpool and chelsea .
a handful of manchester city fans were ejected from old trafford . stewards threw out the group for allegedly mocking the munich disaster . a total of 23 people perished after a plane crashed during a take-off attempt . police praised the 'overwhelming majority' of fans at the clash .
prime minister warns recovery would be 'put at risk' by labour-snp 'stitch-up' ed miliband and nicola sturgeon clashed in tv debate last night . ons says 31 million people in work after increase of more than half a million .
manchester city players will lose £500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season . premier league title holders give stars incentivised contracts . sergio aguero, david silva, joe hart and yaya toure are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay requirements . city lost to manchester united in the 169th manchester derby on sunday .
charlotte cobbald, 17, was on day release from mental health unit . she told her father she felt like a 'failure' and injected herself with drug . she then collapsed in a field and her family called 999, inquest hears . paramedics fought to save her but she died from the effects of the drug .
nsw ses are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise . the public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the nsw ses facebook page . nsw ses have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on monday . people have reacted with disgust to the attempt to con people out of their money .
floriane de lassee has captured the essence of what people do when they're alone in cities across the world . in her project, inside views, she spots movement in the standstill of the night . de lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years .
californian farmers are digging ever-deeper bore holes to keep the rest of us stocked up with all-year-round peaches, sweet peppers and pistachios . global demand for the nut is soaring as customers from david cameron to millions of middle-class chinese develop a passion for almond-based foods . almonds have become california’s second biggest agricultural commodity after milk, as demand has exploded by 1,000 per cent in a decade .
tottenham chairman daniel levy tried to persuade tim sherwood to stay on at the club after sacking him from the head coach role . sherwood will return to white hart lane for the first time with his new team on saturday . levy sacked sherwood last may to bring in mauricio pochettino .
part-time actor was travelling from newcastle to gatwick on easyjet flight . airport staff thought he had six tubs of traditional pudding and greggs pies . he was told consistency of the pudding could 'technically' be classed as semtex . luckily, he was allowed through with his snacks and was warned to pack them in hold luggage the next time he was travelling .
alexis sanchez and harry kane scored for the southern all-stars . northern xi were led by sergio aguero and wayne rooney . sanchez and kane also scored for the southern all-stars .
chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about exactly how boost would be paid for . osborne said it would come from the conservatives’ ‘balanced plan’ for economy . but he declined to go into further detail about the cash boost .
juventus beat empoli 2-0 to maintain 14-point lead at the top of serie a . carlos tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval . roberto pereyra added a second in stoppage time . roma strengthened their grip on second place thanks to a 1-0 win over napoli .
gary neville, phil neville and paul scholes joined thunder netball team . the trio lip-sync to 'is this the way to amarillo' to promote the game . the thunder are undefeated all season and face hertfordshire mavericks .
ben flower was the first man to be sent off in the super league grand final . the wigan warriors forward landed a sickening punch on lance hohaia . flower is coming to the end of a six-month ban and is preparing to return to rugby league . the 27-year-old promised that he is now a changed man after the incident .
erica leeder, 26, was charged with assaulting a police officer in west australia . the mother of three was arrested on march 25 during a strip search . she allegedly squirted the female officer's breast milk during a body search . leeder has two previous charges and could face up to 18 months in jail .
mountain in xinjiang uyghur autonomous region in north-western china . heat from the hole measured at 792c (1457f) from two metres away . experts can't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is .
chinese scientists have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos . the announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable genetic experiments . some scientists have already reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to 'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren . the team tried to tweak the gene responsible for  ⁇ -thalassaemia, a potentially deadly blood disorder, using a germ line editing technique known as crispr/cas9 .
sawyer sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting family in texas . his manager said there were no signs of depression prior to his death . he appeared in 139 episodes of the popular us sitcom and took small parts in tv shows even stevens and frank mcklusky c.i .
train was traveling through salters pond road and highway 121, near trenton . it derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks . at time, train was carrying nitrogen-based chemical anhydrous ammonia . it was also transporting non-hazardous ammonia nitrate, which can form explosive mixtures with air . derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak, officials said . no one was injured in the crash, and residents and businesses were evacuated .
the nfl has reinstated adrian peterson, allowing him to participate in league activities starting on friday . this after a ban that has been in effect since september 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch . peterson met with the nfl two weeks ago to discuss his reinstatement, and at that point things did not look good for the star running back . the vikings claimed they wanted him back on the roster, and he was set to earn $12.75million this season .
a new trailer for "fantastic four" promises a very different take on the classic marvel comics characters . the new trailer for "jurassic world" features even more of star chris pratt .
british airways has launched a series of meditation videos . the airline consulted with mark coleman, founder of the mindfulness institute . coleman recommends moderated alcohol, coffee and tea intake on board .
tony blair made an appearance at a fundraising dinner for 15 labour targets . blair name-checked ed miliband only once, devoting speech to his own achievements . he is being mentored by lord mandelson, the former blairite cabinet minister .
the opening of the championships has been postponed due to wild weather . officials said it was too risky to race on the wet surface . the $10 million program has been moved to monday allowing racegoers to use the ticket they purchased for the saturday event . the warwick farm card is unable to go ahead on monday and will be moved to wednesday .
kimi raikkonen is confident ferrari can beat lewis hamilton and nico rosberg . the finn finished fourth at the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday . raikkonen has not finished on the podium for 19 months .
chelsea beat stoke city 2-1 in the premier league on saturday . eden hazard scored a penalty and charlie adam equalised for the visitors . loic remy turned home hazard's square pass to seal the win .
nikko jenkins, 28, carved '666' into his forehead with upside-down 9s . symbol is described in bible as 'sign of the beast', popularized by the omen . he told his attorney about the incident in a phone call from his cell . comes amid ongoing appeal that he is mentally unstable and therefore ineligible to face the death penalty .
eamon sullivan proposed to naomi bass under a cherry blossom tree in kyoto, japan . the couple met in perth in 2011 and sullivan won two silver olympic medals . the proposal took place in kyoto two weeks ago, and the happy couple are now back in perth .
sudan is the last male northern white rhino left in the entire world . his female companions, fatu and najin, live at the ol pejeta conservancy in kenya . armed guards guard the rhinos round the clock .
at least three people were shot in separate incidents in ferguson, missouri . two people were shot in the neck and another was shot in the leg .
almost all gps polled said they do not think their own practice should open on weekends . nearly two-thirds are not even willing to consider joining larger groups . government has tried to encourage gps to offer out-of-hours appointments .
people walking along somerton beach, southwest of adelaide, found a dead fully-clothed man aged 45 lying on the shore on december 1, 1948 . a post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body . a handwritten note found hidden in the pocket of a man's trousers did not provide any clues to the identity of the body . the persian phrase 'ended' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and the discovery of a secret code .
lisa williams, 49, hit taxi driver david coleman, 54, three times with hammer . the two families had been 'neighbours at war' since 2007 . mr coleman had smeared mud all over william's windows during the fight . williams admitted hitting mr coleman with a hammer but claimed she believed he was about to kill her brother and she acted out of panic .
harley renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, lung, bones and neck . he asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still . the five-year-old, from stretford, was given the all clear by doctors .
andy jordan from made in chelsea lives in london's exclusive sw3 postcode . the fun-loving broker has enjoyed the best hotels around the world . he also enjoys staying in the odd travelodge and is open to trains .
nicola sturgeon said she would form anti-tory alliance with labour and other smaller parties regardless of how many mps david cameron wins . mr miliband has ruled out going into coalition with the snp . but her remarks raise prospect of labour ruling as a minority government .
jordan spieth won the masters at augusta on sunday . spieth is the second youngest masters winner of all time . the 21-year-old is the first start-to-finish winner at augusta in 39 years .
ashy bines is facing court action over an unpaid $300,000 tax debt . the debts, which were due last may, include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest . the tax office launched action in november and has since lodged an application to liquidate abbbc pty ltd . the case will be heard in a brisbane court next friday .
arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 at the emirates stadium on saturday . the win moves them up to second in the premier league table . arsene wenger believes things are finally starting to come together .
peking opera singer liu guijuan posted pictures of headdress on weibo . accessory made from feathers of 80 kingfishers, according to web users . conservationists and web users criticised her indifference to animal welfare .
two robbers used a sledgehammer and an axe to try and break into a jewellery shop in wigan, greater manchester . a worker barricaded the door and they fled on a motorbike . police have appealed for the public to help identify the offenders .
arsenal will not start the season at the top of england's top-flight for the first time since in 100 years . bournemouth's promotion means arsenal will begin season second in the premier league behind the south coast club by a full 12 letters . arsenal have theoretically started each season since 1915/16 at the summit of england's top tier .
tories and lib dems pledged to roll back labour’s ‘state intrusion’ . but research shows government has invented 22 ways of criminalising public . crimes include diving into thames without authority and queue-jumping .
the ferrari 599 gto was driven by parking attendant roberto cinti . the 38-year-old mistook the throttle for the brake when approaching a shop . he unleashed 671bhp from the magnificent 6.0-litre v12 engine . the supercar can hit 60mph in less than 3.5 seconds .
steven gerrard and phil jagielka released 96 balloons at hillsborough memorial service at anfield . liverpool manager brendan rodgers, chief executive ian ayre and the entire liverpool squad attended . kenny dalglish, ian rush, phil thompson, robbie fowler, john aldridge, jamie carragher, graham stuart and roberto martinez were also present .
betheny coyne, 24, was born with a heart condition known as coarctation of the aorta . condition causes it difficult for the heart to pump blood around the body due to a narrowed aorta - the main artery that leaves the left side of the heart . she was warned each pregnancy could have placed so much extra strain on her heart that she would die . but she defied medical predictions and is now mother to three healthy children .
efan james was found lying face down and unresponsive in his mother's bed . hannah james, 26, had taken him to bed with her at home in west wales . but the next morning he was 'lying face down and unresponsive', inquest heard . coroner demands new guidelines to warn parents of dangers of sleeping next to newborns .
almond growers in california are at the centre of a row over water usage during one of the worst droughts in decades . the state supplies more than three-quarters of the world's $4.93billion(£3.3bn) almond market . this has also seen local residents attack the bottled water industry . an online petition demanding that the company seizes production of bottled water in california has garnered more than 150,000 signatures .
ashya king was being treated in southampton when his parents took him from hospital and fled abroad without telling staff . they ignored medical advice and took him to prague for proton beam therapy, ultimately paid for by the nhs trust after he left the uk . ashya was made a ward of court by portsmouth council before a national outcry led to their release .
former england cricketer matt prior is chief executive of one pro cycling . the team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural tour de yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in bridlington on may 1 . prior is a long-time cycling fan who was mocked by kevin pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of new zealand .
evansville in comanche county, kansas, was home to a post office, grocery store and even a school house in the 1870s and 80s . but now, it is a shadow of its former self, with its once-thriving commissary building in a state of disrepair . however, the ghost town is still home to rancher larry 'dee' scherich and his wife, phyllis, who tend to site's numerous cattle . they do not have to worry about unexpected visitors, nor noisy
mps are warning that women will die as a result of the screening age limit . 8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer . more than half of the 12,000 women who die from breast cancer every year are over 70 .
barry lyttle pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm . he will now be sentenced in sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years, rather than the district court . patrick lyttle, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, barry, in kings cross in sydney's inner-city on january 3 . the irishman could learn his fate as soon as 
the young fox cub had been stuck in a garden fence for around 40 minutes . simon cowell, who runs the wildlife aid foundation in leatherhead, surrey, travelled to the cub's location in his car . he gloves up and immediately begins tending to the fox . the cub is distressed and spits at the wildlife expert’s incoming hand . mr cowell distracts the fox with a stick before pulling it free .
rurik jutting appeared before packed courtroom in hong kong on thursday . former merrill lynch bank of america employee faces life in prison if convicted . seneng mujiasih and sumarti ningsih, both in their 20s, found dead in his flat .
london-based artist daisy bentley began collecting notes in her home town of norwich, england . the 23-year-old keepsakes ranging from her mother's cutlery to her own dead goldfish preserved in her collection . bentley: "i can barely walk down a street without picking up a scrap of paper"
clarkson was dropped from top gear after a row over a steak dinner . the tv host was sacked after punching producer oisin tymon . clarkson will appear on have i got news for you on april 25 .
dr mehmet oz has been accused of being a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' on his talk show, the college of physicians . he has vehemently defended his work at columbia, saying his on-air 'ozisms' should not cancel out his stellar work as a doctor at the ivy league school . he has been hired because of his strengths as a doctor and receives top reviews from peers and patients .
the house judiciary committee on thursday overwhelmingly passed the latest version of a bill known as the usa freedom act . it seeks to codify president barack obama's proposal to end the nsa's collection of domestic calling records . it would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations . the authority to collect those records and other related surveillance provisions of the patriot act will expire june 1 unless congress passes a law reauthorizing it .
the world's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia . it covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock . the 11 stations cover over 100,000 square kilometres and have 155,000 cattle between them .
a financial fund for officer michael slager was shut down by crowd-funding website, gofundme, on wednesday . the site said 'after review by our team, the campaign set up for officer slager was removed due to a violation of gofundme's terms & conditions' but refused to elaborate due to privacy concerns . a separate fundraising campaign was started on site, indiegogo, titled the 'michael t. slager support fund' and featured a picture of slager in his police
us researchers claim that exact prices of goods on ebay attract higher offers than round numbers . sellers who end their price with ‘00’ typically receive offers that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices . when the posted initial price is of a round number, like $1,000, the average counteroffer is much lower than if it is a non-round number, like $1,079 .
two cnn heroes are among the earthquake survivors in kathmandu, nepal . anuradha koirala's hiv/aids hospice has crumbled .
lib dem leader condemns cameron's appeal to ukip supporters to 'come home' warns 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless conservative leadership'
england's justin rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69 at the shell houston open on thursday . a bruising florida swing last month saw the englishman fall outside the world’s top 10 . rose has been virtually a fixture in the top five for the last three years .
conor mcgregor faces jose aldo in las vegas on july 11 . mcgregor has already got a tattoo of a gorilla eating a heart on his chest . aldo makes the eighth defence of his featherweight title against mcgregor .
the 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother's altona meadows driveway . he died shortly after paramedics arrived at the scene . neighbours reported hearing screeching tyres soon after shots were fired .
raheem sterling has rejected a new contract worth £100,000-a-week . the liverpool young player of the year has rejected a £100,000-a-week deal . owen scored one of the greatest world cup finals goals in 1998 . steven gerrard had won three trophies in his first year out of his teens .
jason rezaian was arrested in july on unspecified allegations . charges against him remained publicly undisclosed until last week . he will be tried soon on espionage charges, tehran's chief justice says .
vincent stanford is accused of murdering stephanie scott on easter sunday . the 24-year-old moved into a single-storey home in leeton 13 months ago . he was born in tasmania and lived in holland with his family . his wife gail scanlan described him as a 'big strong fellow with dark, black eyes'
walmart was ranked the second worst supermarket in consumer reports' annual survey of america's supermarkets . the retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005, and this year it was rated number 67 . the biggest gripe among surveyed subscribers is not enough open checkouts, which was cited by a quarter of respondents .
flamur ukshini, 23, from pristina, is in his final year studying business informatics and also works as a part time model . every picture that flamur posts on his instagram page is immediately fawned over by legions of 1d fans .
lionel messi says he is back to his best after a disappointing 2014 . barcelona lost the la liga title to atletico madrid in the quarter-finals . messi's misfortune saw the ballon d'or go to cristiano ronaldo for the second consecutive year .
in 1995, there were more than 154 million migrants who left their home country and moved to another for various reasons . in 2013, that number had risen to 231 million globally, and 7.8 million reside in the uk . great britain and northern ireland are among the nations which have a high number of immigrants, with more than 7.8 million . meanwhile, the u.s. has more than 45 million immigrants - the most of all nations - and russia has more than 11 million .
a group of female fans are rallying support for labour leader ed miliband . they've dubbed themselves the 'milifans' using the #milifandom hashtag . the largely teenage fanbase have spent the days running up to election posting tweets of affection for the labour leader . behind the hashtag is @twcuddleston, an as levels student by the name of abby . she describes herself as 'leader of the milifandom, a movement against the distorted media portrayal of ed'
18-month-old twins drown after their mother tried to repel a bee . alexis keslar was walking along a canal with her twin sons, police say .
the indian premier league is cricket's most exciting and richest domestic tournament . eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks across 12 venues all round india in a battle to be crowned champions . can kolkata knight riders retain their title? will virat kohli lead the royal challengers bangalore to their first title? and who are the players to watch out for?
bbc radio 5 live commentator guy mowbray's notes for liverpool vs newcastle . mowbray correctly predicted cameron brannagan would start for liverpool . the 43-year-old was the youngest ever television commentator on a world cup final .
sarah owen, 21, was attacked by her boyfriend preston wright, 23, with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in norman, oklahoma . owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage when the argument escalated . officers from norman police arrived on the scene where they were met by a boy who told them his brother and his brother's girlfriend had been in a confrontation . the boy told them his brother and owen's girlfriend had been in a confrontation
fire investigators have confirmed the fire was started deliberately . the 70 hectare area of dorset was tinderbox dry as much of it is on a hillside and water had run off down the slope . 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling the blaze at the st catherine’s hill nature reserve near christchurch . two schoolboys, aged 14 and 15, are being held by police on suspicion of deliberately starting three fires .
david hyche, now a special agent at the bureau of alcohol, tobacco and firearms, developed the device nine years ago when his daughter turned blind . a transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound . hyche has passed on the idea to the alabama institute for deaf and blind in birmingham .
lucille ball fans want her statue removed from a park in her hometown . the life-size bronze statue has been compared to conway twitty and steve buscemi .
pep guardiola may be tempted by a move to bayern munich this summer . the bayern munich boss chooses his clubs based on stability and results . roman abramovich had been seduced by barcelona's football .
carlos tevez has scored 36 league goals in italy since joining juventus . the argentine striker has blasted premier league midfield as 'non-existent' tevez scored 84 premier league goals with manchester united in 2008 .
radamel falcao has scored just four goals for manchester united this season . the colombian has failed to score since january 31 against leicester . falcao has also failed to have a shot on target in the premier league . the striker's £280,000-a-week wages are a massive burden for united .
qpr face aston villa at villa park on tuesday night . tim sherwood and chris ramsey are 10 minutes apart in bedfordshire . ramsey guided qpr to a 4-1 victory over west brom on saturday . the reverse result would take villa to the precipice of safety .
in recent days, india has evacuated some 2,500 people from yemen . evacuees are fleeing on boats at port cities such as aden .
students from nigeria's ahmadu bello university are developing an eco-friendly car . the "abucar 2" will compete in the shell eco-marathon in the netherlands in may . it will be powered by electricity, but at higher speeds both electric and petrol components will work together .
paul downton has been sacked as managing director of ecb . downton was sacked after england's humiliating world cup performance . michael vaughan immediately threw his hat in the ring to replace downton .
alastair cook has not scored a test hundred since may 2013 . he remains england's leading century maker despite his poor run of form . england face sri lanka in the second test on saturday .
two australian drug smugglers are waiting to learn whether they will be put to death by firing squad . andrew chan and myuran sukumaran were arrested for their part in a failed heroin smuggling plot . chan has been called the ringleader and sukumaran has been described as his collaborator .
roberto carlos claims to find coaching 'easy' and wants to become brazil boss . carlos won the 2002 world cup and champions league as a player with brazil . the 42-year-old has worked with sivasspor and akhisar belediyespor .
mei ru, 50, and husband song ming, 53, were going shopping in fujian province . she parked car outside local supermarket and mr song climbed out passenger side . but when his wife reversed, knocking him down and backing up over his body . mr song was rushed to hospital but died from broken ribs and internal bleeding .
a chihuahua and a bearded dragon were filmed playing tag together . the dog named foxxy cleopatra and the reptile called ryuu are seen chasing after one another around a coffee table . the chihuahua jumps excitedly while the bearded dragon appears disinterested . without warning, the dog charges at full speed towards the dog and forces it to make a quick retreat .
red bull owner dietrich mateschitz threatened to pull out of formula one . daniil kvyat's red bull and the toro rosso both suffered a power-unit failure . cyril abiteboul has confirmed he is aware of the fault .
agnese klavina vanished from aqwa mist in marbella on september 6 last year . her sister gunta has made a tearful video appeal for information on her whereabouts . westley capper, 37, and pal craig porter, 33, are being investigated on suspicion of agnese's illegal detention .
sandie konopelski of shiloh, illinois, was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between swansea and belleville on friday morning . konopelski was licensed by the illinois department of natural resources as a wildlife rehabilitator . she also was involved with the bi-state wildlife hotline of missouri and illinois .
prime minister shinzo abe has been disappointing on japan's wartime history . he has been evasive about embracing responsibility for japan's wartime actions in asia . abe's stance on history is a factor in hindering trilateral security cooperation with south korea .
the images were taken in jervis bay which is in the south coast of new south wales . photographer andy hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton omitting light . a similar display was shown in sydney's manly beach back in august 2014 .
facebook ceo mark zuckerberg said the future of travel lies in sharing virtual reality environments . the social media giant purchased virtual reality headset maker, oculus, last year . the company also announced plans to begin supporting virtual reality on its newsfeed, meaning that users will be able to put on a vr headset and explore a location of their choosing .
francis pusok, 30, fled his home in san bernardino county, california, on thursday after sheriff's deputies showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges . on monday, he revealed that he had been handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating and that a deputy whispered into his ear 'this isn't over' . footage taken from a helicopter shows pusok falling to the ground as he is hit with a taser and
belle gibson has admitted she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness . she founded the whole pantry - a book and app which over 300,000 people have downloaded . belle cast a spell through her endearing vulnerability and charming personality .
philippe coutinho fired liverpool ahead with a smart chip . chrisitan benteke equalised for aston villa with a long range strike . tim sherwood's side moved into the lead thanks to a solo effort from fabian delph .
brussels will say that google has used its dominance to divert internet users from rivals to its own services . google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe's search engine market . but the ruling means google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound fines to brussels .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in the premier league on saturday . wayne rooney scored a stunning half-volley to put united 2-0 ahead . rooney's goal was his sixth in eight games for the red devils .
gina maria schumacher, 17, was one of the participants in the nrha european futurity horse show in the bavarian town of kreuth . miss schumacher was seen riding a number of different horses during yesterday's event . comes days after her 16-year-old brother mick returned to the racing circuit just weeks after he was involved in a 100mph crash .
andy murray and kim sears set to wed in his home town of dunblane . trees were wheeled into cathedral earlier today ahead of the nuptials . the decoration was first seen at the royal wedding in 2011 .
alice liveing, from buckinghamshire, began her clean eating journey a year ago . started sharing pictures of her meals on instagram, which allowed her to keep track of what she was eating . now has more than 102,000 followers on instagram .
sophie claessens, a vavista dietitian, picks the 'miracle' foods from the latest fads . activated charcoal is thought to act as a 'detox' and 'melts away fat cells' acai berries have been linked to weight loss and cancer prevention . flax seeds are thought to help lower blood pressure and reduce risk of heart disease .
kevin rudd and his wife therese rein have said goodbye to their family home in brisbane's east of more than 20 years . the couple slashed over $100,000 off the asking price to pocket $1.14 million . the tropical queenslander home still managed to sell for over three times what the couple paid when they bought it in 1994 . the house was snatched up by applied economics professor uwe dulleck, who already owns a home in the area with his wife monica .
kai windsor, 10, from cheltenham, was born into the wrong body . he shuns traditional girls' toys in favour of kicking a ball around . by four he refused to wear dresses and at six he wanted his hair cut short . now set to undergo hormone treatment to stop him becoming a woman .
ruby walsh warned that balthazar king was receiving treatment . balthazar king was taken to an equine hospital with broken ribs . phillip hobbs’s gelding was able to walk away from his fall .
cnn's jarrett bellini is a catholic reading the bible this week . this week, he reads the story of lot and the destruction of sodom and gomorrah . lot is the central character in the grim story of sodom and gomorrah's demise .
cnn analysis of property loss claims filed with the tsa from 2010 to 2014 shows 30,621 claims of missing valuables . john f. kennedy international airport in new york topped the list of airports with the most claims of thefts from luggage .
suspected boko haram militants attack civilians inside cameroon for the first time in a month . six attackers were killed by cameroonian forces, a military spokesman says .
isis has executed two groups of prisoners, believed to be ethiopian christians, in libya . the ethiopian government confirmed monday that 30 of its citizens were among the two groups .
students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses . at the same time foreign students who did not have ready access to the drug did better on average . maastricht university let only german, dutch and belgian nationals have access to its 13 coffee shops, where cannabis was sold .
bath were beaten 18-15 by leinster in the european champions cup . anthony watson believes the pain of bath's european exit can be a driving force in their quest for a top-four finish . bath have four games left in the aviva premiership to face newcastle, london irish, harlequins and gloucester .
jonathan brownlee won the gold coast triathlon in the itu world series . the 24-year-old beat mario mola by 19 seconds in australia on saturday . brownlee leads the rankings with 2,186 points from world champion javier gomez .
derek skyler brux, 22, pleaded guilty in january to unhitching a pair of locomotives and going on a high-speed run 13 miles down one of the busiest lines of track in the country . brux then crashed into an inactive union pacific train at 10mph before backing up and then hitting it again . he must also pay $63,000 in restitution to rail link, his employer .
newcastle keeper tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe on his goal at half-time in 1970 . pele's hug with moore is often held up as the peak of sportsmanship . krul was lambasted by sportsmail for an inappropriate show of brotherhood towards a fellow professional .
qpr drew 3-3 with aston villa at villa park on tuesday night . clint hill scored his first premier league goal in the win . rangers remain in the relegation zone two points behind safety .
linsey starred in season 12 of bad girls club: chicago which aired in may 2014 on oxygen . no details or cause of death have been released . linsey voluntarily exited the shower after getting into a fight with contestant jada cacchilli and a cameraman in the second episode .
the shift in position comes just before the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the supreme court on the matter . clinton had brought attention to the issue with her campaign launch video on sunday that featured 'everyday' americans preparing for something big - including a gay couple planning their wedding . 'hillary clinton supports marriage equality and hopes the supreme court will come down on the side of same-sex couples being guaranteed that constitutional right,' clinton spokeswoman adrienne elrod said .
brian williams was handed a six-month suspension in february after he admitted he had lied about being on a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from iraq in 2003 . but a new vanity fair report has claimed he felt insecure following tom brokaw, whom he succeeded at nightly news in 2004 . on one occasion, williams implied they had both been in berlin together on the day the wall fell in 1989 - but he actually joined the veteran newscaster there the following day .
everton defenders antolin alcaraz and sylvain distin could get new deals . distin has played more for everton's youth team than the first team . roberto martinez has not ruled out retaining senior players .
a new report claims ivan milat could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers, had the 'wrong man' not been jailed for his first crime . the 70-year-old serial killer was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 and burying their bodies in the belanglo state forest in southern nsw . boris milat shares a secret he has kept for 52 years, which details how milat was responsible for the shooting more than two decades before the first backpacker murder in 1989 . '
charlene, 37, presented tennis ace novak djokovic with sportsman of the year . presented award at laureus world sports awards in monte carlo . charlene is a successful swimmer and olympic swimmer .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . reds captain steven gerrard will leave anfield at the end of the season . simon mignolet insists liverpool are not under any pressure .
england batting coach graham thorpe will vote for ukip in election . thorpe revealed he signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago . sir ian botham and geoffrey boycott have been linked with ukip .
men in u.s. special operations do not believe women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs . they fear the pentagon will lower standards to integrate women into their elite units .
study was spawned by shooting in aurora, colorado, in july 2012 . 12 people were killed and 70 injured in the shooting, which cost $5.5 million . investigation spanned almost three years and found $229 billion annually . more than apple's annual revenue of $174 billion and the obesity epidemic's $224 billion .
peter morris was devastated when his sister, claire, died in a car crash . only a year before, he had walked her down the aisle to give her away to her husband, malcolm webster, from surrey, then aged 33 . peter believed claire had died in a tragic accident that happened in aberdeen, scotland, in 1994 . it took two decades for the truth to be revealed - claire had in fact been murdered by webster so he could cash in on her life insurance .
comedian rik mayall failed to leave a valid will to deal with his £1.2 million estate . he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in quad-bike accident in 1998 . probate records reveal he had no will, even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident . mayall's children would be entitled to a share of his net estate of £1,192,701 after funeral and legal expenses, meaning they could inherit an amount liable for inheritance tax .
roger federer defeated jeremy chardy 6-2, 6-1 in his monte carlo opener . it was federer's first match since his loss in the indian wells final in march . the 17-time major champion will face gael monfils in the last 16 .
bryan morseman, 29, of bath, new york, started his streak at the montgomery marathon in alabama on march 14 . he then ran the tobacco road marathon in cary, north carolina, the next morning because it was one the way home to new york . a week later he placed first at the yeungling shamrock marathon in virginia beach . in total, the full-time precious metal clerk earned $5,750 in winnings from the races .
sir frank kitson, 88, is accused in the case of patrick eugene heenan, 47 . mr heenan was killed when paramilitaries threw a grenade at a minibus . his widow, mary, is suing the ministry of defence and the general . but sir frank said he had no connection to the case and was not in charge .
chelsea have topped the premier league since the opening day of the season . jose mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top with eight games left . the blues host queens park rangers at loftus road on sunday .
a male narcotics officer posed as a high school senior in houston between august 2014 and march 2015 . he seized cocaine, marijuana and prescription drugs xanax and tramadol . the two schools hit in the operation were pearland high school and dawson high school .
irish aviation authority are investigating the incident on good friday . two female passengers were seen visiting cockpit during flight from dublin . ryanair confirmed there were three off-duty staff on board the flight .
mauricio pochettino spent 16 months as southampton manager . pochettino left in october to join tottenham in the premier league . the argentine has returned to st mary's for the first time since leaving .
a burglar alarm went off in hatton garden safe deposit ltd., mps say . a grade was applied to the call and no response was required, they say . the theft was so big that police haven't come up with a value for what was stolen .
aimee west, 24, is said to be in a relationship with major paul draper . major draper was a mourner at her fiance's funeral in woolwich, london . miss west said to have formed a close bond with the 51-year-old . miss draper's ex-wife, jane, said: 'he left me for a girl in the army cadets'
paul converted to christianity after seeing a bright light and divine voice . astronomers believe it may have been a falling meteor 2,000 years ago . descriptions of paul's experience match accounts of fireball above chelyabinsk .
judd trump beat stuart carrington 10-6 in the first round of the world championship . the 25-year-old led 7-2 from wednesday but was made to battle . trump will now face marco fu in the next round .
west ham lost 2-0 to manchester city at the etihad stadium on sunday . hammers have won just one of their last 11 premier league games . defender carl jenkinson insists hammers are not resting on their laurels .
james webb space telescope (jwst) will launch in october 2018 . the telescope is designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe . nasa says it will have to detect objects which are 10 to 100 times fainter than hubble can currently see .
oscar hübinette shredded through the snow on the tolbachik volcano on the kamchatka peninsula in russia . his friend fredrik schenholm looked on in amazement as oscar flew down the icy slopes . after lying dormant since 1976 the volcano suddenly erupted in november 2012 . during the eruption, it regularly emits jets of burning hot lava up to 656 feet (200m) high .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . brendan rodgers wants liverpool to reclaim wembley as an 'anfield south' . rodgers believes success at wembley could pave the way for many more trips .
the presence of blue origin, llc, the brainchild of amazon founder jeff bezos, barely registers in nearby van horn, a way station along interstate 10 . few visitors are allowed beyond the 'no trespassing' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the air force's renowned area 51 in nevada . at the opposite end — of texas and the competition — is the highly visible spacex venture, led by paypal co-founder and electric car maker
footage was shot at domodedovo airport in russia, and shows a man asleep . the swinging motion of the conveyor make it a less-than-comfortable snooze .
henry rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife donna lou rayhons . she had dementia and alzheimers and no longer had the capacity to consent . mr rayhons, who served 18 years as a republican, was cleared . he tearfully said: 'the truth finally came out' .
the u.n. security council votes in favor of an arms embargo on the houthis . the houthis have taken over large swaths of yemen, including its capital, sanaa . the houthis forced president abdu rabu mansour hadi from power in january .
boxer amir khan posted pictures on snapchat while driving his car . the 28-year-old posted the pictures to the image sharing app in fremont . fremont police have yet to say if they will be looking into the snaps . mr khan splits his time between his hometown of bolton and the us .
denmark defender daniel agger elbowed mattias jorgensen in the head . the incident happened during the derby against copenhagen on monday . agger has been banned for two games for violent conduct .
brett and naghmeh king flew with son ashya to prague for proton beam therapy . dr peter wilson said ashya's chances of long-term survival could have been halved . dr wilson said ashya should have undergone chemotherapy within six weeks of his original surgery to remove the tumour last july . family then went to prague for proton beam therapy, and now say there is 'no evidence' of a tumour .
asmir begovic has been linked with a move to spanish giants real madrid . mark hughes has played down reports of begovic leaving stoke . stoke host southampton at the britannia stadium on saturday .
a man stabbed a bouncer outside a melbourne nightclub just before the easter long weekend . police say the man had been ejected from the club when he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind . the 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries . police have expressed their 'disgust' over the incident .
savannah guthrie, 43, discussed an australian father's tip for getting his baby to sleep less than a minute with her co-hosts on the today show . she vowed to try the method, which involves gently gliding a piece of tissue papers over a baby's face until the tot nods off . but savannah soon learned that the trick didn't have a calming effect on her energetic eight-month-old daughter .
anais zanotti, 30, from miami, first became interested in skydiving when a friend recommended it to her . the french-born model has skydived more than 1,350 times and is now an instructor, teaching other amateur junkies how to jump from a plane . she says: 'i love the freedom once you leave the plane - your brain stops thinking'
prince of wales was visiting the rheged centre in penrith, cumbria . bent down to talk to one-year-old noah ginesi but didn't pick him up . charles is grandfather to 20-month-old prince george .
thierry henry hailed francis coquelin for his display in arsenal's win . the former gunners striker said coquelin was his man of the match . coquelin played a key role in aaron ramsey's goal at turf moor .
john clarkson created 'pie-egg-ra' dish at his chip shop in preston, lancashire . he wrapped the easter delicacies in pastry before they were battered and deep-fried . creme egg oozing from pie casing is then served with a side of chips .
chelsea are discussing the possibility of a post-season post-season tour . jose mourinho didn't rule out a potential 12,000-mile round trip to japan . the squad is likely to fly out on may 28 or 29 for a two-match, week-long trip .
mike downey: orioles-red sox game postponed because of freddie gray's death . he says oriole's home stand was a problem, as was chicago white sox game .
david etzel, 36, of palm beach county, florida, is accused of biting his mother's 10-pound shih tzu named cujo on the face, seriously hurting its eye . etzel, who weighs 385 pounds and stands 6-foot-8, told deputies he would never hurt the dog .
qpr host chelsea at loftus road (sunday 5.30pm) richard dunne (knee) close to return for qpr . rio ferdinand also out for qpr with unspecified knock . yun suk-young out with concussion . eduardo vargas, leroy fer and alejandro faurlin also out for qpr .
chris rock has posted a series of tweets documenting three traffic stops in seven weeks . "stopped by the cops again wish me luck," he wrote tuesday . blacks are about 30% more likely to be pulled over by police than whites .
hms ocean had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency 'medevacs' at least one woman was airlifted from hms illustrious, which was nicknamed 'hms lusty' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year . 18 other ships - including hms dragon, hms enterprise and hms richmond - had emergency evacuations .
leicester tigers face saracens at allianz park on saturday . the tigers are two points clear of northampton in the aviva premiership play-offs . saracens, bath, leicester and exeter are all bunched up behind saints .
cantlow will attempt to give ap mccoy a glorious send off in ireland with a second victory in easter monday's irish grand national . the 19-time champion won the 2007 running on butler’s cabin . mccoy has vowed to immediately retire if he wins saturday’s crabbie’s grand national at aintree on favourite shutthefrontdoor .
jordan spieth won the 2015 masters at augusta on sunday . the 21-year-old became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the masters . spieth was born in dallas, texas .
ian watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38 . salford assistant coach has stepped up his training ahead of sunday's home game . rangi chase, weller hauraki, cory paterson and darrell griffin are suspended .
a suicide bomber detonates his explosives near a group of protesters, police say . an afghan lawmaker was among the 64 people wounded, police say .
martina riccioni and antoinettia caffero, 21, were involved in a horror car crash in perth on easter monday . ms riccioni was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and died at the scene . ms caffero remains in hospital in a critical condition with a broken back, two broken legs and a fractured neck . her family have started a crowdfunding appeal on 'go fund me' to raise up to $20,000 to transport her body .
porters are carrying passengers' luggage up and down the stairs at nadrazi veleslavin station, in north-west prague . the project didn't budget for an escalator between the metro station and bus terminal . project was supposed to transform nadrazi veleslavin station into a transport hub for the airport .
kyle major, 14, punched paul walker, 52, in the back of the head on new year's day . mr walker was found face down in a pool of blood by a passerby in blackpool . major followed victim and felled him with a single punch to the back of the head . he pleaded guilty to manslaughter and was sentenced to three years in jail .
sally and stephen morley, from walsall, are one of 1,500 couples in britain to have had babies using embryoscope technology . the revolutionary technology allows medics to record the microscopic miracle of life – from fertilisation to the division of cells . a tiny camera, placed inside an incubator, films the reproduction process . it also allows experts to select the best possible embryos based on how they form during the conception process .
anjelica 'aj' hadsell, 18, was last seen driving near her parents' home in norfolk, virginia, on march 2 . her stepfather wesley hadsell, 36, was taken into custody late last month amid claims that he knows who has taken his daughter . he has admitted breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against her will .
'ogle-2014-blg-0124lb' was detected by the spitzer space telescope and the ogle warsaw telescope in chile . it is half as massive as jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the milky way . most of the planets we know about are around 10-100 times closer than ogle-2014-blg-0124 .
blue bell ice cream has suspended operations at an oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people . last month, the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in broken arrow, oklahoma . ten products recalled earlier in march were from a production line at a plant the company's headquarters in brenham, texas .
thirteen people were killed and 31 were injured in the 2009 attack carried out by major nidal hasan . top military commanders recalled tables that became makeshift stretchers to transport the wounded and dying . ten of the survivors remain on active duty .
rangers dropped two points at bottom side livingston in their bid for promotion . stuart mccall ordered his side to end their stuttering away form at dumbarton . rangers have only won once in their last five away matches .
lisa skinner, 52, shot her husband bradley, 59, after he broke into her home in south huntsville, alabama . police say mr skinner was armed with a pistol and a large knife . mrs skinner armed herself with a shotgun then went into the garage, where he followed her and aimed his pistol at her . she then opened fire with a shotgun, hitting him in the chest, causing life-threatening injuries .
wildlife creature was relaxing in the kruger national park in south africa with its family by a pool of water . frustrated elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave, but misses its target .
father damian maria montes, 29, stunned viewers and judges on talent show . he belted out the robbie williams ballad while donning his priest's collar . missionary claimed he had been singing since he was 16 years old . but he said he turned to the church as he wanted to 'make sense of life'
jana pittman is believed to have given birth to a daughter named emily . the australian hurdler was filmed training for the 2016 rio olympics . the 32-year-old plans to compete in both the beijing world championships and the 2016 rio olympics .
amber phillips of los angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in california on tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients . 'had she had the choice to end her own life she might have been able to reclaim some of her autonomy and dignity,' said phillips .
colin gilpatric, who has autism, sent letter to star wars creator george lucas . asked him to change rule that bans knights from marrying . colin, who has autism, wanted to avoid ending up like anakin skywalker . lucas granted request, and colin's mother peggy was on hand to film him .
rangers manager stuart mccall has had to get used to his players being booed . mccall hopes that lee mcculloch will be the last player to be booed . mcculloch was booed for an error that led to a goal against raith rovers .
championship side rovers were eliminated from the fa cup on wednesday . philippe coutinho scored the only goal of the game for liverpool . gary bowyer believes blackburn should brace themselves for interest .
billy vunipola was cited for striking leicester's mathew tait with his head . vunipola scored a try in saracens' 22-6 win at allianz park on saturday . a three-man disciplinary panel will hear vunipola's case on tuesday .
blaine boudreaux, 34, has been charged with intoxication manslaughter, intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death . josh medrano, 6, was killed in the crash while his mother was hospitalized with a punctured lung and broken bones . hours earlier, boudreaux struck and killed 61-year-old vagrant leonard batiste walking along texas 5 spur near the university of houston .
chelsea host stoke city at stamford bridge on saturday at 3pm . cesar azpilicueta is counting down the games until chelsea win the title . the blues are six points clear of nearest rivals manchester city .
family of four were enjoying a day out together in portland, maine . man was in a car filled with white men when he yelled 'hey n*****s!' at them . bystanders witnessed the incident, including a local news reporter . jackie ward shared her account of the incident on facebook . she said it was a 'reminder for us to be kinder to each other' .
lewis hamilton has become mired in paperwork with his mercedes contract . the british driver has opted to negotiate for himself for the first time . hamilton is favourite to return to the top step of the podium on sunday at the shanghai international circuit .
joshua malatino and samantha scott of the snow kone joe ice cream truck business in upstate new york were arrested in april 2013 . the driver of a mr. ding-a-ling truck said the pair had repeatedly harassed and stalked him . malatino allegedly offered free ice cream to his rival's customers . the resolution to the case marks two years of bitter legal battles between malatino, scott and phillip hollister .
lawrence phillips, who was jailed in 2005, is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in san diego and driving his car into three teens after a football game in los angeles . on monday, prison officials revealed he is suspected of killing damion soward, a 37-year-old inmate serving 82 years to life for a first-degree murder conviction . phillips was once one of the nation's top college football players at nebraska .
survey of 1,001 british muslims found one in four had sympathy with isis . eight per cent agreed they had 'a lot of sympathy' for the likes of jihadi john . six out of ten strongly condemned those who have joined the terror organisation .
'i've got a driver — a 16-year-old driving around,' the first lady said during an appearance on live! with kelly and michael broadcast from the white house on monday . although malia receives protection from the secret service, mrs. obama revealed that she does get to drive outside the white house grounds on her own .
the woman, identified as 24-year-old krista dotzenrod from minnesota, said it was 'pure luck' 'i was sitting there, and all of a sudden there is a ball in my cup. it fell straight in there,' said dotzenrod, who has lived in chicago for seven years .
multi-millionaire richard harpin has given tories £375,000 since 2008 . he has given them £50,000 in the first week of the election campaign . mr harpin is chief executive of maintenance firm homeserve . firm was handed a record £30million fine last year for mis-selling .
alassan gobitaca, known as al the jumper, is a swedish guinness world record holder . he has jumped over everything from a lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes . the daredevil leaps into the air and the car zooms past safely underneath him .
shroud has been dated to the end of the 13th century and is believed to have been used to wrap jesus' body . more than one million people have already booked their slots between now and june 24 . local authorities are counting on the exhibition of the shroud to give a significant boost to the local economy .
freddie gray was arrested on april 12 and loaded into a police van . danny cevallos: video of the arrest raises questions about police use of force .
breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among american women, claiming nearly 41,000 lives a year .
tony mccoy is retiring from jockeying at the age of 51 on saturday . mccoy won his 4,000th race on board mountain tune at towcester in 2013 . peter scudamore has seen his achievements dwarfed by mccoy .
robert bates, 73, pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris, 44, who was shot dead on april 2 . harris' family slammed the decision to take a month-long vacation to the bahamas while out on bond . bates has previously visited the bahamas with the sheriff, stanley glanz, and another reserve deputy and paid for part of glanz's trip .
joel burger and ashley king were engaged in october . they accepted burger king's offer to pay for their july wedding .
a red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in furen, japan . he fights both a flock of crows and an eagle for the tasty lunch . but the fox soon realises he has taken on more than he can handle .
nicole p. eramo said in an open letter wednesday to the magazine's publisher, jann s. wenner, that the magazine has not done enough to make amends . 'using me as the personification of a heartless administration, the rolling stone article attacked my life's work,' eramo wrote . the magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at u.va. after the columbia university graduate school of journalism concluded rolling stone had failed to meet journalistic standards .
vulcan aerospace will look after the space programs of stratolaunch systems . this includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft (117 metres) the plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude, avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from earth . initially, the system is intended to deliver satellites weighing up to about 13,500lbs (6,124 kg) into orbits between 112 miles and 1,243 miles .
kirk pingelly and his wife layne beachly won their case against a neighbour . wendy goyer claimed her 'small but charming view' would be obstructed if mr pengilly and ms beachley's addition was built . justice rachel pepper dismissed ms goyer's case on wednesday .
chelsea kept a clean sheet against arsenal at the emirates on sunday . john terry's timing in the tackle has been impeccable this season . olivier giroud's pace through the middle was a missed opportunity . danny welbeck's pace through the middle could have been better .
nina anderson, 78, searched pawn shops near her home in portsmouth . gold and silver necklaces worth nearly £400 were taken from her bedroom . she eventually spotted two stolen items in window of cash and cheque express . mrs anderson's actions mirror those of agatha christie character miss marple . burglar martin campbell jailed for three years at portsmouth crown court .
paul downton has been sacked as managing director of england and wales cricket board . downton was persuaded to sack alastair cook as one-day captain three weeks before the disastrous world cup campaign . kevin pietersen has rejoined surrey in the hope of earning a place in the ashes squad for england this summer . james whitaker has been involved in one of the grimmest periods in english cricket .
bonnie doll is australia's answer to lara croft in the gaming world . the 28-year-old started streaming call of duty in 2007 . she now has more than 45,000 global followers on streaming platform twitch . followers pay a subscription to join her online and also give donations .
candlestick park, which has been home to the san francisco giants and the san francisco 49ers, has been torn down . the iconic sports field, completed in 1960, has been home to houses, a hotel and a shopping center . the area is now set to become houses, a hotel and a shopping center . candlestick was also home to the oakland raiders for part of the 1960 and all of the 1961 season .
zoe o'connell, 37, lives with sarah brown, 41, and sylvia knight, 39 . they used to be straight married couples – when ms brown was a man . now live together in a three-bedroom cambridge home .
asabi barner, 37, went to black ink tattoo parlor in harlem, new york city to get a new chest tattoo to cover up a unicorn and horseshoe piece she got when she was 18 . barner says she trusted the artists, but came away with a tattoo that started to puss and ooze around her left breast . the parlor's owner and artists star in their own reality show, black ink crew, which has had three seasons .
the 14-year-old is fighting for her life in delhi’s safdarjung hospital with 70 per cent burns . she was allegedly gang-raped on sunday when she went outside house in kosi kalan, in uttar pradesh's mathura district, to relieve herself . on tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene to the shock of her brother, who doused her with water .
a bangladeshi migrant tells investigators many were trapped behind locked doors . he tells investigators there were 950 people on board, prosecutors say .
marouane fellaini did start chelsea's match against manchester united . jose mourinho had planned for kurt zouma to play the midfielder . but a doorman at the club's hotel told mourinho he was not playing . mourinho said fellaini posed for photos with his twin brother mansour .
emily thornberry has come out against david cameron’s pledge to extend right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes . eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost £1million . tories said miss thornberry opposed right to buy but not ‘right to buy to let’ .
homeland security secretary jeh johnson admitted that a gyro-copter flew from gettysburg, pennsylvania, to the capitol lawn on wednesday . the pilot, florida postal worker doug hughes, was interviewed by the secret service almost two years ago . johnson pleaded for calm and resisted calls for sweeping changes .
joe giudice, who is preparing to head to federal prison for bankruptcy fraud, lost his driver's license and was fined the maximum of $10,000 . he pleaded guilty in october to unlawful use of an id and impersonation . that will run concurrent with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes . his wife, teresa, is serving a 15-month federal sentence on the fraud charges .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 2-0 to advance to the champions league semi-finals . eric abidal believes that barcelona have the potential to win a treble . the former barcelona defender retired last year .
j.m. giordano, 41, was standing in front of a police line when they suddenly started marching and he couldn't get out of the way quickly enough . about five or six police officers hit giordano and the other protester with their shields, he says . giordano says he was beaten and repeatedly kicked by two police officers as city paper managing editor baynard woods screams, 'he's a photographer! he's press!' .
rafael benitez is out of contract at napoli at the end of the season . the napoli boss has yet to agree a contract extension with the serie a side . napoli host bundesliga side wolfsburg in the quarter-finals on thursday .
kate roberts noticed her son miles had a slightly different shaped head when he was born . at three months he was diagnosed with flat head syndrome . this is where the back of the head becomes flattened, causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out . doctors believe it is caused by babies sleeping on their backs . as it is not medically dangerous, the nhs does not pay for treatment . instead, parents are advised to move their children on to their stomachs during the day .
yolanda verona, from tijuana, embraces her granddaughter frida villagomez, seven . in another scene, a border patrol officer smiles blissfully as he hugs his father . two boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into mexico . they were reunited for the first time in two years with their cherished mother . the gate at border field state park in california was temporarily opened for children's day .
martin springall, 38, photographed daughter in zushi, japan, in july 2014 . he said he wanted to send a picture 'to my wife, who was at work' mr springall said he had 'no idea' what the object could be . he said: 'i just kind of obsessed over that one photo for a couple of hours'
aljaz bedene lost in the last eight of the grand prix hassan ii in casablanca . the british no 2 has switched allegiance from slovenia to great britain . jiri vesely will play spanish veteran daniel gimeno-traver in the semi-finals .
jordan brennan, 17, was killed after breaking out into gangnam style dance . his mother kim, 43, reveals how he was a 'cheeky chappy' and 'lots of fun' she said: 'jordan loved dancing – and he was killed because of it' the mother-of-five has slammed what she calls the lenient sentence .
the 1,000 guineas hope is one of six out of nine entries to hold an engagement in the guineas . terror finished fourth in the group one cheveley park stakes over six furlongs at the rowley mile last september prior to landing a listed event there five weeks later . trainer richard hannon is represented by osaila and marsh hawk .
nick cousins left court holding hands with filipino wife herminia garcia . she was charged with wilful neglect and being in hong kong illegally . he was also arrested on suspicion of 'ill treatment' after it emerged blanca's birth, and that of her 14-year-old sister, had not been registered . mr cousins has not been charged and is currently on bail .
apple launches its first smartwatch today - but no stores will have them in stock . instead, consumers will have to pre-order watches online and wait until june . analysts believe apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and that sales could top 20 million this year . limited supplies have been given to six designer outlets around the world .
sebastian larsson suspended for crystal palace's trip to sunderland . jack rodwell will return to the squad after a hamstring problem . emanuele giaccherini and wes brown still missing for crystal palace .
mimi and joe lemay's five-year-old son jacob was born a girl named mia . from a very young age, jacob began rejecting his gender . mimi and joe decided to let jacob assume the identity of a boy .
robert clark, 96, was captured by the nazis in tobruk, north africa, in 1942 . he spent the rest of the war in prison camps before joining the 'death march' brent council insists he cannot be treated as a special case . more than 127,000 people have signed a petition calling for his home help .
almost half of all people who have visited discounters are middle class . 57% claim to use a discount store like poundland every week . of those 53% are in the top a/b social class, who earn more than £35,000 . news comes on the back of the massive rise in popularity of aldi and lidl . last week aldi overtook waitrose to become britain's sixth biggest supermarket .
aaron finch retires hurt after quick single for mumbai indians . australian confirms scans show he has suffered a hamstring injury . finch tweeted: 'looks like i'll be out of the rest of the ipl at this stage! the scan showed a bit of damage, absolutely shattered!'
philippe coutinho fired liverpool into the fa cup semi-finals . jordan henderson provided the assist for coutinho in the 70th minute . liverpool face aston villa at wembley on sunday .
the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from cleveland . bodies were found in their stateroom aboard the ms ryndam on thursday . ship departed tampa, florida, on sunday for a two-week cruise in the southern caribbean .
study found youngsters more likely to engage in risky behaviour when parents distracted by texting or talking on the phone . researchers observed randomly selected parents with children aged 18 months to five years old at playgrounds in new york . they measured factors such as adult’s level of engagement with child and how distracted they seemed . researchers also observed how often child took risks such as jumping off moving swings or going down a slide head-first .
rahul kumar, 17, clambered over enclosure fence at kamla nehru zoological park in ahmedabad . he began running towards the animals shouting 'today i kill a lion or a lion kills me!' mr kumar later explained he was drunk and 'thought i'd stand a good chance'
robin weld of sacramento has installed a hybrid sink-toilet in response to the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by governor jerry brown last week . clean city water comes in through the faucet, is used to wash hands and then flows into the tank to be used to flush . neighbor chris brown uses the left over water from his showers, laundry and other tasks to irrigate his yard .
amir khan could face manny pacquiao in abu dhabi on may 2 . floyd mayweather has been tipped to fight the money man in las vegas . khan has been so close to mayweather that he could smell the resin .
stephen king's hit novel series the dark tower is on its way to cinemas . the revered writer penned shawshank redemption and the shining . king slammed warner brothers in 2012 for dropping plans for a movie trilogy and tv mini-series . the movie and tv version is said to mainly stem from the first novel, the gunslinger . javier bardem and russell crowe are still rumored to be interested in the lead role .
bafetimbi gomis scored twice in swansea's 3-1 win over hull on saturday . french striker has scored four goals in his last six premier league games . queens park rangers forward charlie austin is runner up with score of 52.2 .
raymond van barneveld beat michael van gerwen 7-3 in 'battle of holland' robin van persie watched the match on a camel tv . manchester united forward showed his support on instagram .
andrew steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last august of his wife, 39-year-old ashlee steele, and her 38-year-old sister, kacee tollefsbol . dr doug tucker testified that a rambling note steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law is delusional and shows steele's brain was deteriorating because of als . tucker said that was the reason steele killed
a dartmouth college judicial committee found alpha delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations . alpha delta has until next monday to appeal the decision . the fraternity partly inspired the 1978 cult classic animal house starring john belushi .
thousands of motorists have been fined or had cars towed away after falling foul of new rules following switch to digital tax discs . many are buying used cars unaware that old paper documents are automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands . critics allege that the dvla has been operating a 'money-making scam' after figures yesterday showed clamping soared after the paperless system was introduced in october last year .
jared leto portrays the clown prince of crime in the upcoming movie "suicide squad" twitter users got their first look at leto's character friday night . the movie is based on the dc comics series and also stars will smith, margot robbie and viola davis .
tom poynton missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries . the wicketkeeper had to undergo an ankle operation . he made his comeback during derbyshire's pre-season tour of abu dhabi .
pensioner was travelling in first class on board the boeing 777-300 jet . flight crew allegedly restrained her until the plane was forced to land . on touching down at shannon airport, the woman was met by police .
medical professionals at the university of arkansas for medical sciences in little rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man's kidney problems . the man was admitted to the hospital in may complaining of nausea, weakness, fatigue and body aches . black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses .
philipp lahm and owen hargreaves played together at bayern munich . lahm was part of a special documentary 'inside bayern munich with owen hargreaves' the german midfielder spoke to the bt sport pundit about his career . bayern take on porto in the champions league quarter-final on saturday .
sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum plans to build six-storey car park . super toy cupboard will house 114 cars and have five-star accommodation . it will be built next to battersea heliport by the river thames .
gerard pique is preparing to play his 300th game for barcelona . the spaniard joined the catalan giants from manchester united in 2008 . pique is poised to star for barcelona in their champions league quarter-final match with psg in the french capital on wednesday night .
elliot daly scored two tries for wasps in march . the 22-year-old looks set to be called into england's world cup squad . wasps director of rugby dai young named player of the month .
jeffrey walker told jurors that the philadelphia police department drug squad targeted 'white 'college-boy... khaki-pants types' who were 'easy to intimidate' . that matches the description of some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial . walker, 46, said police brass applauded the drug squad because they made big arrests that made them look good .
a fundraising page set up to help pay for funeral expenses has raised almost $50,000 in less than a week . mai mach, 60, was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in her melbourne home last tuesday . hours earlier her grandson, alistair, 4, was stabbed 18 times as he slept in his bed . chinese tourist cai xia liao, 45, has been charged with their murder .
laura stevens' photo series 'another november' captures stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship . the british photographer, 38, found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up . she asked friends and women to pose based on the experience of losing love .
matthew whelan, 35, from birmingham, has spent £40,000 on tattoos . he has also had his nipples cut off in a bid to provide a smoother canvas . mr body art says workplace discrimination has affected his career . he is now planning to set up his own business .
aaron hernandez was captain of his high school football team and rated as the best football player in the state of connecticut in his senior year . he had a baby girl, a beautiful fiancee and an expansive $1.5million mansion in the boston suburbs . but even before the murder of odin lloyd in june 2013 - a crime for which he will spend the rest of his life in prison - hernandez was not the golden boy he seemed to be .
photographer simon brann thorpe uses the desert of western sahara as a backdrop for his project "toy soldiers" the soldiers are with the polisario front, an independence movement that has been clashing with morocco since the mid-1970s .
new diet could more than halve a person's risk of alzheimer's disease . includes three daily servings of wholegrains and salad – along with an extra vegetable and a glass of wine . lowered the risk of alzheimer's by 53 per cent in those who stuck to the diet rigidly . for those that followed it moderately well, it lowered the risk by about 35 per cent .
limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg under new law . bank of scotland pmi report blames the drop on a 60 per cent drop in sales . publicans fear the new laws will have a greater effect on bars than the 2006 smoking ban .
kevin sinfield will leave leeds rhinos to join sister club yorkshire carnegie . the 34-year-old is closing in on third place in rugby league's all-time scoring list with 3,997 points . tony smith was in charge of the rhinos when sinfield lifted the first of their six super league titles in 2003 .
leaflet – attached to green bins – told stratford-upon-avon residents what items could go in them . but footnote said: 'this is not recyclable' earlier this year, residents in stratford were named as among the best recyclers in england .
memories pizza in walkerton, indiana, has closed its doors after being abused over the phone and online . owner kevin o'connor said he received abusive phone calls and was trolled online . a gofundme page set up by glenn beck's the blaze has raised more than $440,000 for the pizzeria . the news comes a week after indiana passed the religious freedom restoration act, which prohibits businesses from 'burdening' a person's right to their beliefs .
jordon ibe posted a video on instagram of him performing the moonwalk . the 19-year-old is currently out with a knee injury . liverpool face newcastle in their next premier league game .
lindsey vonn was back at augusta on friday to watch boyfriend tiger woods play in the second round of the masters . vonn looked stressed at times though woods played a solid round, carding a three-under-par 69 . woods is 12 strokes behind the leader, 21-year-old american star jordan spieth, with 36 holes left to play . if spieth wins he would tie the record for the youngest winner in masters history with woods .
plane tilted to one side and left engine scraped along runway in india . passengers slid down the plane's inflatable evacuation slides to safety . jet airways described it as 'a technical problem with the landing gear'
the stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of siberia . the fires were started by farmers burning grass in their fields .
alexis sanchez's low shot squirmed between his legs and over the line . reading goalkeeper adam federici made a string of excellent saves . garath mccleary's volley was deflected past wojciech szczesny . sami mokbel rated the players' performances at wembley .
ap mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before retiring . tony mccoy has 4,357 winning memories, compared to eddie arcaro's 4,779 . mccoy has been a jockey since the early 1990s .
a number of pages, written in arabic, have reportedly been found on the social media site . they are said to be advertising 'reliable' and 'comfortable' travel to europe . discovery comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week .
sunderland beat newcastle 1-0 in the tyne-wear derby on sunday . jermain defoe scored a stunning volley in the first-half to earn the win . defoe is the first player to take part in the keepy up challenge .
jermain defoe scored sunderland's winner in the tyne/wear derby on sunday . the striker was introduced to the crowd at a wrestling event in newcastle . the 32-year-old was booed by some when he walked out on thursday .
frederick's of hollywood has closed all of its 94 brick-and-mortar locations . the los angeles-based company has switched to a web-only retail model with customers encouraged to shop online . founder frederick mellinger opened the pinup-inspired lingerie brand's first store in los angeles in 1947 .
ruby walsh will ride ballycasey in saturday's grand national at aintree . the irish jockey appears to jump over the speeding silver car . paddy power claims he jumped straight over the car, travelling at 40mph .
shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments' comes after david cameron pledged to give nhs whatever it needed . but mr balls refused to say how he will find the £8billion needed .
gianluigi buffon won his 147th cap for england against italy on tuesday . joe hart has labelled buffon a 'legend of the game' after the match . the manchester city goalkeeper is 10 years younger than buffon .
despite thousands of foreign fighters joining isis, its leadership is dominated by ex-members of saddam hussein's military . almost all of the regional commanders appointed by isis' leader and self-declared caliph, abu bakr al-baghdadi, played prominent roles in the baathist army before the 2003 invasion of iraq . they became involved with isis either in the resulting insurgency or after the dictator's 2006 execution .
spanish lawyer says she has been 'religiously paying taxes' in the uk for 10 years . says she would like to be able to vote in the general election on may 7 . but takes a swipe at the party her husband has spent five years in power with . comes after clegg warned the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless conservative leadership'
arnold palmer is unable to play because of a dislocated shoulder . ben crenshaw will act as honorary starter at the masters on thursday . the winner of the par three contest has never gone on to win the tournament proper in the same year .
experts are calling for enhanced crash avoidance software . the technology could take control away from a pilot and steer the plane to a safe altitude . airbus and honeywell were working on the technology 10 years ago .
paul hellyer, who was a canadian minister from 1963 to 1967, is urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on ufos . hellyer, 91, first went public with his belief in aliens on earth in 2005, becoming the first high ranking politician to do so . last year, the former canadian defence minister declared on russian tv that aliens are walking among us .
chad geyen, a married father of two from ramsey, minnesota, was found dead on sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound . he had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times, including his own foster son, between 1990 and 2013 . geyen, 45, was first reported missing on saturday night, having been out on bail since he was first charged in november 2013 . he was set to stand trial on five counts of first-degree and two counts of second
kim roberts admitted stealing from countess of bathurst's cirencester mansion . the 58-year-old worked for the countess, 87, and helped herself to the riches . the haul included a sketch by picasso and pewter plates, court heard . roberts, of colyton, devon, admitted three charges she had previously denied .
mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday . he accused india of influencing the outcome of a cricket world cup match . kamal also criticised the umpires in the quarter-final against bangladesh .
prime minister manuel valls said five terrorist attacks have been foiled in france . he said: 'numerous attacks had already been foiled - five if you take into account attack which happily did not take place at [paris suburb] villejuif' sid ahmed ghlam, 24, arrested on sunday after allegedly murdering aurelie chatelain, 33 . fitness instructor chatelain shot dead in her car in paris suburb on sunday morning . dna evidence also reportedly links ghl
senegalese wrestlers balla gaye 2 and eumeu sene competed in 'le choc' at dakar's demba diop stadium . after a brutal and closely fought encounter, the burly sene emerged victorious .
fergal o'brien says alvarado is in better shape going into grand national . the 10-year-old gelding has run only once this season . alvarado finished fifth at doncaster in february .
manchester city have hiked season ticket prices by 283 per cent . the club have increased the cost of some season tickets from £870 to £1,700 . some of those affected say they are 'disgusted' with the club .
isis fighters have nearly surrounded the capital of western anbar province . advance seen as an isis's attempt at an counteroffensive after being forced to abandon the important iraqi city of tikrit . prior to the current bout of fighting, some 400,000 iraqis were already displaced, including 60,000 in ramadi district . hundreds of u.s. troops have been training iraqi forces at ain al-asad military base, situated west of ramadi .
two-hour real-time documentary follows canalboat as it pootles its way along a picturesque stretch of the kennet and avon canal . there is no presenter, narrator, dialogue or music, so all viewers will hear are the sounds of the boat's engine, the lapping of the water and the local birdsong . the film was shot on a sunny day last month and will air on may 5 as part of the bbc four goes slow series of deliberately unrushed programmes .
thiago scored in bayern munich's 6-1 win over porto on tuesday night . the midfielder has struggled to find his feet at old trafford . david moyes was keen on signing thiago, but he wasn't his type . bayern have struggled to find quality in holding midfield .
british soldiers liberated bergen-belsen camp 70 years ago this week . love blossomed between a british soldier and polish girl gena, 20 . sergeant norman turgel was sent to arrest gena's ss guards . gena was emaciated and weighed only a few pounds .
celtic lost 3-2 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . the hoops were left outraged by referee steven mclean's decision . caley thistle went on to win the game 3-2 after extra-time .
queen's club will host the davis cup quarter final between july 17-19 . the venerable club will host britain's biggest home tie in three decades . tickets go on sale on may 27 and the match is sure to sell out quickly .
mario balotelli missed liverpool's fa cup quarter-final win over blackburn . robbie savage branded striker 'pathetic' for missing the game . brendan rodgers revealed balotelli felt too ill to take part in the game . liverpool scraped through to the fa cup semi-finals against reading .
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on saturday . philippe coutinho opened the scoring for brendan rodgers' side . fabian delph doubled liverpool's lead in the 36th minute .
robert durst's childhood home in scarsdale, new york, hits the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in california . realtors have glossed over the checkered past involving durst's mother's apparent suicide when she jumped off the roof at the age of 32 . would-be buyers could inherit a wood-paneled library, a three-car garage, an outdoor dining room and even a solarium .
jay hart, 24, was filmed having sex with blonde fan in manager's dugout . lancashire striker could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage . girlfriend bryony hibbert slammed those responsible for filming clip .
robert f kennedy jr spoke at a documentary screening in sacramento, california on tuesday . he is a vaccine critic and is currently trying to stop a bill that would make childhood immunizations mandatory . the documentary purports that there is a connection between the vaccine chemical thimerosal and autism, though it is a theory the scientific community has mostly dismissed .
the two continents are linked at panama, but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared, with most experts placing its formation at about 3 million years ago . the new study presents evidence that the panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier .
the south coast of england holds the ultimate fantasy for fans of the lewis carroll classic . the wonderland house in brighton sleeps up to 24, with tea party sets, queen of hearts themed bunk beds, or the snug looking glass cottage . the kitchen even has a chequerboard floor, reminiscent of carroll's second book where the characters represent chess pieces .
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final at wembley . shay given will keep his place in the team for the final at wembley . goalkeeper brad guzan will be under pressure for the no 1 jersey .
arsenal manager arsene wenger has signed tomas danilevicius, igor stepanovs, kaba diawara, sebastian squillaci, andre santos and kaba diawara . fa chairman greg dyke has proposed increasing the number of homegrown players in a premier league squad of 25 from eight to 12 . wenger is a disciple of adam smith and these are the basic principles of a free market .
larry upright, 81, died and was buried in kannapolis, north carolina . upright hated hillary so much he made it into his obituary . his daughter said he was passionate about politics . 'we did it solely to do something nice and honorable for our dad,' said daughter jill mclain .
michael vaughan has emerged as the favourite for the new ecb role . vaughan will demand almost unprecedented responsibility if he is to head up the revolution that harrison and chairman-elect colin graves have begun with the sacking of paul downton as managing director . vaughan earns close to £1million a year through his various media roles with the bbc, sky, channel 5 and the daily telegraph .
clint chadbourne, 71, was headed back to portland from massachusetts with his wife and daughter when they pulled over at a rest stop . when clint tried to get out the car, he couldn't because his gut was stuck in his seatbelt . his wife bonnie, 67, posted the two-minute clip on facebook and it has been viewed almost 30 million times .
real sociedad are hopeful of signing burnley striker danny ings . liverpool, manchester city and manchester united have shown interest . ings' burnley contract expires in the summer .
the idea of sustainable development is that raw capitalism is too powerful for its own good . john sutter: sustainable development offers a path out of this growing crisis .
margaret gretton, 46, has been barred indefinitely from the profession . she referred to an asian job applicant as a member of the terror group . she talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school' in an asian accent . disciplinary panel said she showed no remorse for 'deliberate' and 'repeated' actions .
mamadou sakho limped off during liverpool's fa cup quarter-final win against blackburn rovers on wednesday . the french defender was replaced by kolo toure in the 28th minute . sakho will miss liverpool's clash against newcastle united on monday .
stoll is charged with possession of controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy . he was released from a las vegas detention center late friday on $5,000 bail .
jason warnock was driving through a canyon in lewiston, idaho, on wednesday when he saw a freshly fallen tree . he then looked up to see an suv dangling over the edge of a cliff .
rajee narinesingh, one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor oneal ron morris, stepped out on sunday showing off a new look . rajee had morris inject her cheeks, lips and chin back in 2005, and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon . left with a 'hard-as-rock' face, rajee began seeing dr john martin of coral gables cosmetic reconstructive surgery in
drunkards were banned from every boozer in birmingham at the turn of the century for a string of crimes including drink-driving and riding a horse while drunk . they were placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the inebriates act of 1898 . the list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol . each drunkard’s entry includes photographs, their name, alias, residence, employment, distinguishing marks, nature of conviction and the sentence received .
father reveals daughter became hooked after buying drugs in school playground . he has written open letter to local council asking for action to combat problem . he said: 'i thought it was a teenage daughter rebelling against her dad'
ding junhui potted 12 reds and 12 blacks to rack up 96 points . the chinese world no 3 screwed back to get position on the blue . ding would have pocketed £30,000 for a maximum break of 147 .
choupette is a three-year-old birman cat and the pride, joy, and slightly disturbing obsession, of lagerfeld . the french starlet, last year, clawed in over £2 million in fees, outstripping the earnings of bushy-eyebrowed supermodel-of-the-moment cara delevingne .
thai airways subsidiary thai smile unveils colorful new livery . the plane features jake, finn and bubblegum . adventure time is the result of a partnership with cartoon network amazone .
youtuber dave hax’s clever new kitcken trick lets cooks peel potatoes without using a peeler . the process starts by running the blade of a sharp knife carefully around the middle of the potato, without letting it cut through the flesh . mr hax, whose youtube channel demonstrates various life hacks, devised the method which results in perfectly peeled potatoes .
the philadelphia eagles officially signed quarterback tim tebow to a one-year contract on monday . tebow, 27, hasn't played a snap in the nfl since being cut by the new england patriots before the 2013 season . the team announced the contract monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the 2007 heisman trophy winner .
charlotte dujardin wins reem acra fei world cup dressage title in las vegas . dujardin and valegro win their second consecutive title in the sport . steve guerdat's longines fei world cup jumping victory came at the 10th attempt .
amanda lukoff, from arlington, virginia, teamed up with her husband danny egan for their film the r-word, which is in pre-production . the director and producer was inspired to create the movie by her sister gabrielle, who was born with down syndrome . she has already signed on cast members including scrubs actor john c. mcginley and glee actress lauren potter, who has down syndrome .
older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep - but they still need just as much . one of the most important measures is to avoid catnapping during the day . other steps include avoiding caffeine - coffee or tea - in the evening .
david powell, 73, arrested after body found at home in penkhull, stoke-on-trent . mr powell was arrested after detectives were called to his home on thursday . he is due to appear before magistrates at newcastle-under-lyme today .
young adults tell it like is on twitter under #realisticya . many of the tweets look at similar dystopian situations to those in novels . some address that ya heroines suffer from adolescent ailments .
tiffany williams and jessica versey, both 19, became close friends during treatment . they went into remission around the same time and took to social media . posted images of themselves - including one of williams’s bald head . another of miss versey’s chest scar - but these were reported for nudity . miss williams was cleared of hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month .
richard hammond has ruled out returning to motoring show top gear . the presenter took to twitter to announce he would not 'quit my mates' hammond is the final presenter to leave the bbc's motoring show . producer andy wilman has launched a scathing attack on 'meddling' bbc . mr wilman is a childhood friend of jeremy clarkson, who quit the show yesterday .
ap mccoy was presented with the champion jockey trophy at sandown park . the 40-year-old rode a mount around the surrey track, racing the rest of the field and one of the red-and-blue trains . mccoy rode mr mole into third place in the bet365 celebration chase .
patricia wilnecker fell in love with lamorna cove in cornwall in 1948 . the 81-year-old moved nearby and wrote a book about the beauty spot . but owner roy stevenson accused her of hitting his son daniel, 36 . he said: 'if she wants to be welcomed back to the cove, she needs to say to daniel, i am very sorry i hit you with my car' miss wilnecker has been banned from the cove for 70 years .
mohamed mohamud is "credited with having an extensive terrorist network within kenya," kenya's interior ministry tweets . al-shabaab, an al qaeda-linked militant group based in somalia, took responsibility for the attack .
swift urges fans to make sure their parents get screened for cancer . "i'm saddened to tell you that my mom has been diagnosed with cancer," swift says .
bath beat newcastle 29-19 at kingston park to keep aviva premiership bid alive . sam burgess made his first premiership start for bath in the back row . george ford scored a brace of tries through ollie devoto and semesa rokoduguni . bath are six points behind premiership leaders northampton .
serie a club parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations . the club were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players all season . parma beat leaders juventus 1-0 on saturday but are bottom of serie a .
david frum: u.s. drone strike killed warren weinstein, giovanni lo porto . he says hostages are used to gain concessions, humiliate u.s., signal unease .
manchester united sit above manchester city in the premier league table for the first time since november 23, 2013 . following monday night's defeat at crystal palace they now trail city by a point ahead of sunday's manchester derby at old trafford . united sat sixth on 20 points, one ahead of then ninth-placed city after 11 games during the 2013-14 campaign . this had occurred following city's 1-0 defeat at sunderland on november 10, 2013 .
arsenal host chelsea in the premier league on sunday . jose mourinho's side have conceded just two goals in their last six matches . chelsea have kept four clean sheets in the process .
lucille ball statue was so offensive a facebook page called we love lucy! get rid of this statue was launched . but a host of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world in the form of waxworks, tribute statues and crude carvings . the louis tussaud's waxwork museum in ontario canada was bought to the world's attention in january after tv presenter jonathan ross posted pictures of the works online .
aljaz bedene secured a british passport last month but cannot play for great britain in the davis cup . greg rusedski, who moved from canada to represent great britain in 1995, has supported his bid . bedene is currently ranked 99 in the world, making him british no 2 behind andy murray and ahead of james ward, kyle edmund and liam broady .
william beggs, 54, murdered and dismembered barry wallace, 18, in 1999 . the teenager's limbs and torso were found in loch lomond, ayrshire . beggs screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands . he is serving a life sentence in saughton prison, edinburgh, for the crime .
giovanni lo porto was killed by a u.s. drone strike in pakistan in 2012 . he was abducted by armed men and killed by a u.s. drone strike .
casey veal's son zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their bendigo home at random . the culprit was 19-year-old harley hicks who bashed baby zayden more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery . hicks left the home with nothing more than a wallet and a pair of sunglasses before unleashing the vicious attack on the defence
misao okawa, 117, died on april 1 at nursing home in osaka, japan . great-grandmother lived through two world wars and first successful powered aeroplane flight by the wright brothers .
harry redknapp quit his role as qpr manager in february . the former west ham boss blamed knee problems for his decision . redknapp described the situation as 'a bit of a soap opera' .
the plane was reported missing around 30 miles east of oban in western scotland . lifeboats and helicopters were scrambled to help locate the plane . it is understood the plane had been travelling from central scotland to tiree .
helal abbas, 55, lost bid to become mayor of tower hamlets in east london . race won by lutfur rahman, 50, controversial figure accused of rigging re-election victory last year . mr abbas started court proceedings against london bangla’s editor, shah yousuf, 35 . mr yousuf admitted there was ‘no truth to the allegation’ and has agreed to pay damages and legal costs .
italian musician andrea furlan was captured on camera by filmmaker friend irina niculescu standing in front of a river in stratford . he holds a ‘butterfly landscape’ designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune, while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background . suddenly a cow steps out from behind the herd and with its ears lifted begins walking towards the river .
a touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at anz stadium in sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry canterbury fans . referees had penalised bulldogs captain james graham in the final minute of the game, which allowed south sydney to seal a 18-17 victory . nsw police have released images of 13 people they want to speak to in relation to the incident .
a study by cleaning equipment company, kärcher, found six in ten brits are too busy to clean their homes each week . other top ranking 'cleaning sins' include leaving hair in plug hole and letting exploded food in microwave fester . one in eight haven't vacuumed at all this year so far .
manchester united face manchester city in sunday's derby at old trafford . louis van gaal says robin van persie is not yet fit enough to play . van gaal says he has been dreaming of beating city at old trafford .
nick clegg is trailing labour by two points in his sheffield hallam constituency . he won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin – scooping up more than 50% of vote . aides said he would be out knocking doors on friday, saturday and sunday .
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to leave this summer . the 47-year-old manager has been linked with a move to the premier league . dortmund have flirted with relegation from the bundesliga this season .
danny welbeck will face a fitness test on the knee injury he picked up on international duty with england . mikel arteta, mathieu debuchy, abou diaby and jack wilshere all stepped up their rehabilitation in a friendly on tuesday . liverpool striker daniel sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury to face arsenal on saturday .
prince harry flew in a spitfire from goodwood to the isle of wight . the 30-year-old will begin a month-long attachment with the australian defence force tomorrow . he will lay a wreath at the tomb of the unknown soldier, both in canberra .
john chapple has captured all types of landscapes, including grassy fields in england, major us cities, and sandy beaches in australia . chapple, originally from north devon, first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography . for panoramic images he uses a linhof technorama 617s iii .
louise lucas, 41, was off-duty and on shopping trip in swansea, south wales . she was struck by bus as they tried to cross busy kingsway in cardiff city centre . sgt lucas managed to push daughter olivia, 8, out of its path and saved her life . hundreds of police officers lined streets in guard of honour at her funeral today . her hearse was led by four police motorcycles and two police horses .
new york is in the throes of a cultural revolution thanks to a calamitous economic meltdown in 2009 . but the icelandic capital shows signs of recovery - with revellers lined the street outside the apotek hotel .
carolyn thorpe, 62, was killed when a 20ft ash tree crushed her in 2007 . her daughter sarah wright was also injured in the accident in hiers-brouage . the 200-year-old american ash tree was planted to mark the birth of napoleon i's first son . investigation found the tree had been ridden with parasites .
ludovic obraniak was substituted in caykur rizespor's 5-1 win over fenerbahce . the poland international was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem . caykur rizespor revealed on social media that obraniak was not in any immediate danger following preliminary tests .
zlatan ibrahimovic faces lionel messi at the nou camp on tuesday night . barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in their champions league semi-final first leg . ibrahimovic was suspended for the first leg after he was sent off against chelsea . the 33-year-old has previously played for ajax, juventus, barcelona and both milan giants .
holly barber, 25, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains . chalked it down to heavy drinking but started coughing up blood . rushed to hospital where doctors diagnosed pulmonary embolisms - blood clots blocking the arteries in her lungs . she was treated with medication but a year later was dealt another blow when medics found another melon-sized blockage in her right lung .
men aged 65 and over are ten times more likely to be diagnosed with melanoma . older women are about five times more likely to develop the disease . getting sunburnt once every two years can triple a person’s risk .
elihudi justin urassa posted video on facebook mocking #kyliejennerchallenge . in the video a young woman is seen sucking onto a tube of pringles . she then removes the tube to reveal her new pout - made of crisps . worrying trend swept social media, encouraging teens to blow their lips .
jessica silva stabbed james polkinghorne five times with a kitchen knife . mr polkinghorne threatened to 'cave her f***ing head in' and 'bash the f***' out of her . ms silva sent her mother a desperate text message saying, 'mum, the psycho is coming' . mr polkinghorne has reassured ms silva that he holds 'no anger' and 'no hatred'
karen wakefield appeared in bbc documentary 'people like us' six-part documentary aimed to show what life was like in manchester . it was criticised by those who starred in it as intentionally painting them in a negative light . mrs wakefield has refused to pay two initial £60 fines and subsequent £120 fines . she claims she and her husband have been told they could be jailed for three months or given fines of £1,000 each .
gary barlow, mark owen and howard donald told to pay back cash 11 months ago . 'investment' scheme they put millions into was ruled invalid by tax tribunal . it is understood the trio are dealing directly with hmrc but have yet to stump up the cash .
isis has released a new set of disturbing propaganda photos showing off their growing number of military markets in iraq and syria . fighters as well as local residents and children appear to be able to freely wander through the market . at a time of war when prices are soaring, unsurprisingly none of the items appear to have a price tag .
anthony doerr's "all the light we cannot see" wins pulitzer for fiction . "between riverside and crazy," a play by stephen adly guirgis, wins drama . elizabeth kolbert's "the sixth extinction: an unnatural history" wins general nonfiction .
in 15 years, digital advancements will have made travel planning a breeze . travel search and booking will be as easy as buying a book on amazon . ipad-controlled hotel rooms and biometric scanning will be commonplace .
southend united beat bury 1-0 on tuesday night . david worrall scored a superb free-kick in the 74th minute . phil brown's side move into fourth place on goal difference .
gemma, 23, has two children under five by two different fathers . handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother debbie when they were four months old . debbie says gemma's constant drinking and partying is getting out of hand . she also suspects gemma, who is unemployed, of stealing an ipad .
atletico madrid host real madrid in the champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday . carlo ancelotti's side are unbeaten in six madrid derbies this season . atletico have beaten real twice in the league, super cup and copa del rey . ancelotti says he is not obsessed with atletico ahead of the game .
nasa says its messenger probe crashed into mercury after running out of fuel . the spacecraft was healthy when it crashed, but was out of fuel .
the 223ft explorer is a concept yacht from british yacht designer tony castro . comes with its own helipad, infinity pool and plenty of storage space . sturdy enough to withstand any weather conditions and is sturdy enough to circumnavigate the globe .
kate parker's series, "strong is the new pretty," covers the last two years . it evolved from her early days behind a camera to expand her knowledge of lighting and composition .
javier pastore believes lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo are above him . eric cantona claimed pastore is 'the best player in the world' psg face barcelona in the second leg of their champions league tie . pastore scored a double in psg's 3-1 win at nice on saturday .
loretta reinholdt, 54, and andy wasinger, 46, were on second day into a trip from belize to the honduran island of roatan . they were learning to sail on a hired sailboat with a captain when they were attacked by four men with guns and knives . they waved them down, boarded the boat with guns and knives and demanded money before pushing the boat to the shoreline of a remote beach . after the terrifying hold-up, the pirates cut the sail and tore out the engine wire, leaving the
monica mcdermott, 41, could not walk straight when police stopped her car . mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample and had to be restrained . when officers breathalysed her she was three times over the limit . mcdermott pleaded guilty to drink driving at macclesfield magistrates' court .
montego bay united forward deshane beckford has impressed on trial . the 17-year-old was invited to train with west ham's academy . beckford is said to be one of the hottest prospects to emerge from the caribbean .
jordan spieth demonstrated optimal movement in two key areas during the masters . tiger woods blamed a lack of glute (primary buttock muscle) firing for locking up his back . spieth used yoga-based moves to address the key areas of the swing .
myuran sukumaran and andrew chan will be shot by a firing squad on wednesday . they will be dragged into a jungle clearing and shot by a firing squad . artist ben quilty has pledged to fight the death penalty 'with everything i have for the rest of my life' . the execution will likely take place in 'death valley' - a clearing on nusakambagan . there, they will be given the option to be blindfolded .
rudy gestede is rated at £7million by blackburn rovers . crystal palace, hull and west brom have all made enquiries . swansea are also interested in andrew ayew and jeffrey schlupp .
jack wilshere made his long-awaited comeback from injury to captain arsenal u21s . he was joined by serge gnabry and long-term absentee abou diaby . former arsenal defender martin keown's son niall scored the winner for the visitors .
political editor announced he would be taking weeks off for treatment . expressed hopes he would be fit again in time to cover 'the election proper' mr robinson's voice sounded weak and strained following cancer surgery .
wayne heneker was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in queensland when he shot dead a masked gunman . seconds later he discovered the man he had just killed was his former colleague shameem rahman . mr heneker says he is still haunted by the attack which took place almost a year ago . 'it was like every other morning, i was always vigilant, i was always keeping an eye out,' he said .
sir nick faldo and tom watson will make their final open appearances at st andrews in july . faldo will cross the famous swilcan bridge on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the old course . watson received a special exemption from the r&a to play his final open in 2015, the 40th anniversary of his first victory at carnoustie .
zoo weekly used the word 'anzac' without permission in its 'special anzac centenary issue' the department of veteran affairs notified zoo weekly of the breach and asked for all offending images to be removed . social media users were quick to condemn the issue, labelling it 'gross and offensive' .
adnan januzaj was at the world championships in sheffield on wednesday . the manchester united winger turned out for the under 21 side at fulham . januzaj was at the crucible to cheer on his friend shaun murphy .
jessica hardy, 23, was so desperate to remove ex's name from her forearm she used acid . mother-of-one couldn't afford laser removal surgery to have tattoo removed . found out about acid peels online and thought they were a good deal . but six applications left her skin red raw and scabby - and tattoo remained .
philippines voiced alarm about chinese 'aggressiveness' in the area as it launched the balikatan 2015 military exercises . aerial images show intense recent chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the spratly archipelago . philippine president benigno aquino is set to ask southeast asian leaders to issue a collective statement denouncing the reclamation activities .
marc gasol of the memphis grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the new orleans pelicans 110-74 on wednesday night . that's when he stopped to chat with a young fan on the sidelines, who animatedly talked and pointed to gasol before they exchanged a high five . as gasol walked away the delighted boy clutched his grizzlies jacket to his chest as the biggest smile spread across his face .
crown princess mary of denmark attended a remembrance ceremony in denmark on thursday . the 43-year-old wore a chic black ensemble paired with grey accessories to mark the 75th anniversary of the occupation of aabenraa . the event marked the invasion of denmark and norway by germany by germany on april 9, 1940 .
grant shapps accused of doctoring wikipedia pages to promote himself . tory party chairman accused of deleting references to his past . mr shapps denies allegations describing them as an 'extreme dirty tricks campaign' david cameron says mr shapps is doing 'a great job' on campaign trail .
megan huntsman, 40, pleaded guilty to killing six newborns in utah last year . estranged husband found the bodies in garage of her pleasant grove home . huntsman, a meth addict, told police she started killing when she was pregnant . she strangled one of the babies - then strangled the rest - in april 2013 . today, she was given six terms of five years to life in prison - three will run consecutively . her mother, joyce huntsman, was in court to defend her daughter
matt stopera lost his iphone in new york city . the phone ended up in the ends of li hongjun in southeastern china . li had received the phone as a gift but forgot to wipe its contents . mr stopera was surprised by how mucy interest there was in his new phone .
stefania la greca is running for the lega sud ausoni party in southern italy . the 36-year-old has posted dozens of pictures of herself in skimpy bikinis . but she has denied using her looks to boost her election campaign . ms la greca said: 'i am born in a context where women are perceived as easy'
"game of thrones" premieres its fifth season sunday . the show is set to end after seven years .
porto have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits . 19 of the 29 players featured in the table below have south american backgrounds . james rodriguez is another player off the porto production line .
ryan skivington took guinea pigs out of cage during row with girl's mother . boxer, 26, admitted criminal damage and assaulting former partner . he also damaged a tv and ipad worth £740 during attack in blackpool .
more than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs, with 46 per cent giving them toys bought for their elder sibling . 82 per cent have a memento of their first child, such as a lock of hair or a video of their first steps . only 23 per cent have a keepsake for their second .
the oklahoma transportation network company services act has removed protection for gay people who use ride-sharing services uber and lyft . republican sen. jason smalley has revealed he rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination . the new version of the bill faced fierce criticism from sen. john sparks, a norman democrat who tried unsuccessfully to amend the measure .
bbc derby broadcaster colin bloomfield has died aged 33 from skin cancer . he worked as a presenter, reporter and derby county commentator for 10 years . one direction star niall horan led tributes to bloomfield on twitter . he described him as a 'super great guy and great commentator' .
catherine gerhardt teaches children how to deal with online 'flamers' she teaches them to ignore, communicate and exit in order to deter bullies . an internet troll often trawls through social media, hunting for victims . a 'flamer' waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response .
abdul hadi arwani, 48, was found slumped in a volkswagen passat on wednesday . he was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace . he had been replaced at an-noor mosque in acton by hassan anyabwile . mr anyabwile, 53, appears in caribbean parliament documents .
jason rezaian, 39, has been detained in iran for eight months . he faces trial for 'security charges' unspecified by the government . rezaian is the washington post's tehran bureau chief . he is accused of 'espionage' and 'acting against national security' .
guitar hero live features a redesigned guitar and online music video network . it will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band . instead of playing along with computer-generated characters, players will see a first-person view of their band mates and audiences portrayed by human actors . the game will be released in the autumn for the playstation 4, xbox one, playstation 3, xbox 360, wii u and mobiles .
richard williams, 54, spent £50,000 of the cash turning a canal narrowboat into a replica german second world war submarine with torpedo tubes and a periscope . he admitted cheating the taxman out of over £1million by reclaiming vat from three false businesses . his ex-wife laurel howarth, 28, was jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam which defrauded her majesty's revenue and customs of £1,017,505 .
abedin has known clinton since 1996, when she scored a white house internship working for the then-first lady . in 2008 clinton tapped her to be her 'body woman' when she ran for president the first time . abedin became linked to most recent in a series of scandals that clinton will carry as heavy baggage whiel she runs for the white house .
the man, known only as jason, from vancouver, uploaded the clip to youtube . his wife filmed the stomach-churning moment he popped a cyst on his wrist . he uses a needle, pliers and screwdriver to pop the grape-sized growth . his sister-in-law then inserts the needle into the cyst and holds it in place . she then begins the horrifying process of hammering the needle deeper into the cyst with the handle of a screwdriver . dr arun ghos
fans paid nearly £40 to see tinie tempah perform in canterbury last night . but he turned up hours late and played just two songs before leaving . club chemistry has apologised and accused tinie of breaking contract .
harry kane lines up against etienne capoue, nabil bentaleb, eric dier, roberto soldado, danny rose and the apparent king of the crossbar, christian eriksen . kane lines up against capoue, bentaleb, dier, soldado, danny rose and eriksen . kane takes his time with each of his three attempts from 40 yards .
charlene bishop, 17 months old, went to feed her pony taffee on wednesday . she was worried when she didn't meet her at the gate as normal . her mother went to investigate and found the shetland lying on the floor . left side of her skull was completely caved in, her eye was battered out of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain .
ranette afonso, 42, met marko conte, 30, in a car accident in august 2013 . she was waiting for her husband when he crashed into her parked car . ranette, from north london, fell head over wheels in love and moved in together . the pair began dating just two months after the accident . ranette has a 21-year-old son and 18-year-old daughter with the husband .
elizabeth sedway, 51, was flying from hawaii to california with her husband and two sons on monday when they were kicked off the plane . the married mother of three suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer . sedway posted an emotional video on her facebook page showing her family being kicked off a packed plane . the family eventually boarded the plane and were awaiting takeoff in their seats .
flight ei 660 left dublin at 8.30am and was forced to return at 9.20am . aer lingus confirmed that the landing was not an emergency . 120 passengers were on board the flight from dublin to vienna .
garry monk will hold talks with michu before deciding his future at swansea . the spain striker has been on loan at italian side napoli . michu has made just five appearances for rafa bentitez's side .
letter from passenger 'bethanie' to pilot who 'got her home safely' posted by pilot jai dillon, who was shown the a4 by a colleague . she writes that she feels the need to 'reach out' and 'extend a compassionate hand' a screenshot of the letter has been shared on twitter .
cruz implied during a conversation with daily mail online on saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he wouldn't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana . the position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his gop competitors, who last week said they'd lay the hammer down on colorado and washington for flouting federal law . asked saturday during a new hampshire campaign stop if he would direct his attorney general to enforce federal pot laws, cruz said ‘
joy webb, 17, took her 80-year-old grandfather james drain to prom this past saturday night . drain enlisted in the navy in 1951 at the age of 17 and would have been serving in the korean war when his own prom happened . webb asked her principal for permission and he agreed to make an exception for the 21 age limit .
visitors will be able to watch an incredible time lapse video of the growth of lower manhattan from the 1500s to the present day as they ascend to the observation deck . the video, shared by the new york times on monday, will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory .
lalit verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on shiva, 11 . stolen items were discovered in the boy's bag at dwarika prasad school . alleged beating was so severe the child complained of a severe stomach ache . ambulance was called but by the time shiva got to hospital his condition deteriorated and he was declared dead on arrival . verman has been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder .
helaman barlow was chief of the bordering towns of colorado city, arizona, and hildale, utah, where jeffs' fundamentalist church of latter-day saints dominates . he said he lived in fear that jeffs would take his wife and children away from him if he didn't act as they wanted . barlow said marshals knew of underage marriages and failed to do anything to stop them . jeffs is in prison for marrying and having sex
barcelona beat celta vigo 1-0 in la liga on sunday evening . fabian orellana was sent off for throwing a lump of grass towards sergio busquets during the closing stages of the match . orellana was shown a straight red card for the incident .
tewksbury police department came under attack by criminals in december . they encrypted their computers' files using a form of internet malware . the program called cryptolocker infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer . the only files that were not corrupted were 18 months old . cops were forced to pay the ransom in the untraceable digital currency .
if your name is nigel you are twice as likely as the general population to vote ukip . figure went up from 16 to 31% among men named nigel, poll of 46,000 people found . three names most likely to vote tory were charlotte, fiona and pauline . those least likely to vote labour were sharon, samantha and clare without an i .
current and former female agents spoke out to the new york times on sunday to renounce depictions of cia women on tv shows and in movies . the group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown ptsd with booze and pills . retired cia officer sandra grimes, 69, says she sees nothing of herself in the characters at the center of shows like state of affairs and homeland .
mario valencia took a rifle from a walmart in tuscon, arizona on february 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left . this after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case, who did as instructed . police were even told the gun was locked by employees at the store as they pursued valencia, but just seconds later he began firing into the air . when the gun was later recovered, it was discovered the wire was loose and only wrapped through the gun'
spain midfielder andrés iniesta has listed his vineyard on airbnb . the 'bodega iniesta' property in castilla-la mancha costs €125 (£90) a night . guests can enjoy the fireplace with a glass of wine, relax on the couch or stroll among the vines .
al qaeda confirms two of its leaders were killed in cia drone strikes in january . the deaths of the two men continue the decimation of al qaeda's bench of leaders .
qatar airways flight landed at birmingham airport on monday night . severe winds foiled two landing attempts at manchester, where plane was due to arrive at 7pm . passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for plane to be refuelled and for a new flight crew to arrive . police were first called to birmingham when passengers started 'kicking off', according to one witness . officers returned two hours later after reports that angry passengers were trying to disembark .
holmesburg prison in philadelphia, pennsylvania, was one of the most notorious and violent prisons in american history . since its construction in 1895, its high walls housed some of the country's most dangerous criminals whose uprisings ended in death and mass-injury . haunting images which emerged in 2011 proved that government doctors used the jail to test chemical substances on inmates and disabled american citizens .
chelsea are poised to join the battle for liverpool wideman raheem sterling . liverpool manager brendan rodgers insists sterling is 'going nowhere' sterling has claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract .
robert charles bates, 73, shot and killed eric courtney harris, 44, in tulsa . harris was trying to buy drugs and a gun from undercover police officers . bates accidentally pulled out his service weapon instead of the stun gun .
woman, who calls herself zhu diandian online, has raised her beloved five flowers since it was a piglet . the porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st) but that has nothing to weaken the bond between the two . her husband is understood to be 'tolerant' of the relationship .
police in shanghai seized three million condoms, thought to be worth £1.3m . lubricating oil used on condoms was so disgusting it made people sick . condoms were packaged as popular brands and cost just 1p to make .
cristiano ronaldo scored his 300th goal for real madrid on april 8 . the 30-year-old only needed 288 games to reach the milestone . ronaldo was presented with a special shirt with '300 goals' on the back . karim benzema will miss real madrid's clash with malaga with a knee injury .
bournemouth drew 2-2 with sheffield wednesday at dean court . yann kermorgant and matt ritchie scored for the cherries . but referee paul tierney did not award a penalty for callum wilson .
louis jordan, 37, had been drifting on a 35-foot sailboat for more than two months . a storm capsized his boat and broke his mast, breaking one of his shoulders . jordan's father: "he looked good. hadn't lost too much weight. he wasn't badly sunburned"
donald graham, 62, drove a ferrari, porsche, range rover and alfa romeo . he killed heiress and property developer janet brown, 45, for her money . ms brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found . graham stole £300,000 of her savings, her land rover and porsche . he was jailed for life with a minimum of 32 years for killing ms brown .
guinness world records has confirmed peter weber jr.'s feat . weber flew in both world war ii and the vietnam war, and also served as a korean war flight instructor . he pulled off his march 30 flight at the age of 95 years and 143 days .
robbie savage takes to twitter to show fans his progress in fitness regime . the match of the day pundit appears to have worked hard to lose his flab . he posted the snap on twitter saying he still has some way to go .
saracens lost 13-9 to clermont in the rugby world cup final on saturday . five english-qualified forwards were in the saracens pack . saracens director of rugby mark mccall lauded his young guns .
jason warnock, 29, rescued matthew sitko, 23, after he crashed his car on wednesday morning, causing it to dangle over a canyon cliff in lewiston, idaho . he ran up to a pedestrian footbridge, climbed above the cliff face and then crossed an embankment to reach the vehicle . he asked sitko to roll down the window and pulled him to safety . but after saving sitko, warnock said he could not stay and rushed away . he
ronald koeman believes southampton must win their last six games . saints are five points behind manchester city in the premier league . koeman's side travel to st mary's to face tottenham and aston villa .
a dozen native american actors appeared in the ridiculous 6, a spoof of the magnificent seven that stars adam sandler, on wednesday . they left the set after becoming offended by the script's jokes about their race and culture . the cultural adviser for the movie, which is filming in new mexico, also walked off the set .
canadian fair trade network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from . teaming up with advertsiing agency rethink, the photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from bangladesh, cambodia and sierra leone . each label says that the product is 100% cotton - but adds that is not the whole story and follows on with a snap shot of just who could have made the item .
manchester united beat altrincham 1-0 in the 'mini-derby' callum gribbin scored the matchwinner for united with a delightful free-kick . joe hart-a-waiting and marcus wood were also on target . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
researchers at joint base lewis-mcchord in tacoma, washington, looked at military records of 3.9million personnel who served after 9/11 . they concluded that military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment . service members with a dishonorable discharge were about twice as likely to commit suicide as those who had an honorable separation .
gary kroeger said he will run in the 2016 democratic primary for iowa's 1st district . the 57-year-old iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies, such as investing in education and protecting the environment . kroeger appeared on saturday night live from 1982 through 1985, and is perhaps best known for portraying donny osmond in a sketch with julia louis-dreyfus .
christopher whitmore, 36, killed wife melissa ball, 27, and son grayden, 8 . he then turned the gun on himself at a gas station in varnell, georgia . police said ball and whitmore had a history of domestic issues . at this stage it is unclear what motivated the horrific shooting .
marcin wasniewski, 34, escaped death by millimetres after crash in coventry . the car he was driving 'literally embedded' itself into the back of a lorry . but as paramedics worked to release him, they were shocked to see him emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided . now the father-of-one believes he was saved by jesus christ .
twin 18-month-old boys fell into a canal in yuma, arizona, on friday morning . authorities have not yet identified the boys, but a go fund me page set up this weekend named them and parents mark and alexis keslar . the fund has already raised over $10,000 to cover the boys' memorial and medical costs .
cnn's nina dos santos travels to dubai for the al marmoum camel race . camel racing is an ancient tradition in the region . camels are racing for thousands of dollars in prize money and fancy cars for their owners .
field marshal erwin rommel was captured by major general michael gambier-parry in mechili, libya, in 1941 . the german field marshal invited the british officer to dine with him in a gesture of military camaraderie . the pair shared good wine and smoked ‘excellent cigars’, according to gambier-parry’s granddaughter, liza donoghue .
girl, 6, sexually assaulted by boy of same age in classroom and playground . but police say they are powerless to act because criminal responsibility age in england is ten, so charges cannot be brought against the boy . girl's mother has also blasted school authorities for refusing to remove the boy from her daughter's class .
horses, ponies and donkeys are being abandoned in record numbers across the country . many are left to fend for themselves or tied up on busy roadsides in hope that someone will rescue them . rspca launched an urgent appeal to rehome some of the hundreds of horses in their care . last year, the rspca alone took in 1,500 horses, many of them former family pets .
sam allardyce had nigel pearson on his coaching staff when he was newcastle united manager in 2007 . the pair will be reunited when west ham face leicester on saturday . pearson has been involved in several controversial incidents this season .
buddhist wu yunqing was preserved in 1998 at lingquan temple in anyang . now 17 years on, his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible . mummification was a way to preserve a person’s body after death .
ambermarie irving-elkins was in the stanley mosk courthouse in los angeles on thursday morning to pay a fine . she felt a few contractions but thought she had time to run errands . but the little boy, malachi, had other ideas and suddenly knew he was coming . sheriff's deputy marquette oliver was in the courthouse and told her to stop . he bent down and caught the baby as he was born .
tornado touched down in florida on thursday afternoon, but did not cause any damage . thunderstorms were predicted to take place in a number of states on thursday night, including south dakota, nebraska, kansas, and texas . for saturday, the weather channel predicted severe thunderstorms would strike nashville, memphis, atlanta, tallahassee, jacksonville, new orleans, and florida .
glaxosmithkline has applied for a licence from the european medicines agency . rts,s is the first malaria vaccine to reach advanced trials . tests were carried out on 15,500 toddlers and babies in sub-saharan africa .
roma drew 1-1 at home to relegation-threatened atalanta in serie a . francesco totti gave roma the lead from the penalty spot . but atalanta equalised with a penalty of their own . napoli closed the gap to five points when they beat struggling cagliari . elsewhere, genoa lost 2-1 at palermo and torino drew 1-1 at sassuolo .
jurgen klopp announced on wednesday he would be leaving borussia dortmund . arsene wenger branded the 'circus' surrounding klopp's departure as 'ridiculous' klopp has two years left on a contract signed last summer . the 47-year-old won two bundesliga titles and reached the champions league final .
the clip, created by the make it fair project, presents statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries . in the past three years, only 93 per cent of films were directed by men, and only 80 per cent were written by them . 'sadly', they say, 'only' 70 per cent of speaking roles in films are also given to men, and women 'get to be naked' in movies twice as often as men do .
rory mcilroy will tee off at 3.41pm bst at augusta national on thursday . northern irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by phil mickelson and ryan moore . tiger woods returns to action for the first time since february alongside jamie donaldson and jimmy walker .
baby and three girls - aged three, six and eight - trapped on sandbank . mothers held their heads above rising tide until volunteer lifeboats reached them . another reminder of dangers of rising tides after 60 spectators were rescued at boat race in london on saturday .
atletico madrid host real madrid in the champions league on wednesday . diego simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of english clubs in europe . chelsea, arsenal and manchester city were eliminated at the champions league last 16 stage . everton were dumped out of the europa league in the same round .
tulsa deputy robert bates killed eric harris during a sting operation in april . a new report alleges that he was told to forge his training records . the sheriff's office denies the allegations in the tulsa world's report .
bill parker, 34, of gulfport, mississippi was mowing his lawn on april 19 when a rusty metal fence wire shot up his nose and into his head . dr timothy haffey removed the wire with a simple sinus surgery which took 20 minutes and entailed making an incision on parker's upper lip . he said that it dodged all of parker's important nerves and arteries .
greg hardy was forced to abandon his bentley in dallas flash floods . the 25-year-old got stuck when the luxury car could not make it through the rising, fast flowing waters . it took a tow truck several hours to remove the car and hardy was later seen returning to collect some of his possessions . comes as more bad news for hardy who was suspended from the nfl just days ago after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year .
the republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host hugh hewitt that they'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in colorado and washington . 'marijuana is a gateway drug,' christie said, citing an 'enormous addiction problem in this country' rubio, who on monday made official his candidacy, said he believes in states' rights - but laws created by the federal government legally supersede those of the states .
u.s. must rethink the role of manned submarines and prioritize new underwater detection techniques . china and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces . concerns that china could match u.s. underwater capabilities have encouraged the development of an unmanned drone ship .
lib dems admit they are on course to lose at least 20 mps . but senior party sources admit total of 57 will be slashed to 'in the thirties' nick clegg today admitted his party was fighting 'tooth and nail' in fewer than a tenth of westminster .
hillary clinton's secret service-provided 'scooby' van drove 80 miles-per-hour from concord, new hampshire, to boston logan international airport . she arrived in time to take a 7:00 p.m. us airways shuttle to washington, d.c. clinton's motorcade zipped along wet new hampshire roads at 92 mph so she could make a dinner party on time .
kelly osbourne wrote a letter to her mother sharon osbourne in the new book a letter to my mom . melissa rivers, shania twain, will.i.am, christy turlington burns, and kristin chenoweth all wrote messages of love and gratitude to the women who raised them . 'like all teenage girls i had this ridiculous fear of growing up and becoming just like you,' kelly wrote .
a lawsuit filed this week alleges johns hopkins university and the rockefeller foundation helped conduct a similar study in guatemala . the suit seeks more than $1 billion in damages . this is the second attempt to collect damages .
sean mccabe, 30, was diagnosed with hodgkin lymphoma in june 2013 . he was given the all-clear in september but two months later cancer returned . father-of-three set about organising the funeral - choosing music and even booking the church . he even wrote a goodbye letter to his children for his partner to read to them . mr mccabe has now rebooked the church for his wedding to fiancee lisa williams .
michael slager, of north charleston, south carolina, charged with murder . but prosecutors say he can't be executed for shooting derad scott, 50 . slager's murder did not include any of a list of 'aggravating circumstances' state law says that 'aggravating circumstances' are condition of death penalty . dash cam footage shows him discharging a taser into black man's back .
bernie ecclestone has urged lewis hamilton to consider a move to ferrari . hamilton has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with mercedes . hamilton will team up with sebastian vettel at ferrari to settle which of the pair is the better driver .
randy lerner missed aston villa's 2-1 win over liverpool at wembley . villa chief executive tom fox said lerner had a family bereavement . lerner is expected to make the fa cup final against arsenal on may 30 .
the london-based lawyer's wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since she tied the knot with george clooney in venice, italy, last september . from elegant cream jumpsuits to panel shift dresses and suit/skirt combos, the 37-year-old always seems to get the balance of smart and sexy just right . several of the outfits she has been photographed in since her lavish wedding to the world-famous actor cost at least £1,000 .
biologists studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes to examine skin as it repairs itself . they found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock together like a zip . findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up the healing process .
a series of billboards posted around new york city are seeking to encourage residents to consider moving east to detroit . the ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new thai restaurant in the motor city who not only want exposure for their new business but also to promote detroit as an alternative for new yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them . there are four billboards — two in manhattan and two in bushwick in brooklyn — which went up about a month ago .
defence secretary michael fallon says ed miliband is 'so desperate' for power . claims he is willing to weaken uk defences to win support from snp . mr miliband said the conservative campaign had 'descended into the gutter'
gloucestershire police called to incident on unregistered road in gloucestershire . driver had blindly followed his sat nav down country lane . ended up losing the roof of the lorry suspended in the air .
restaurant will open a block away from the abba museum in stockholm . bjorn ulvaeus, of abba, has unveiled his musical project . aims to transport the party atmosphere to inside a greek taverna .
david curry, 49, had travelled ten miles to visit wallow wetherspoon pub . he was asked to leave because he was wearing £40 adidas tracksuit bottoms . mr curry said he often wears sportswear as part of a health regime . pub chain has apologised but said a no-tracksuit policy had been in place since 2013 .
nexus for exoplanet system science (nexss) includes scientists from 10 universities including stanford, the university of california and yale . the study of exoplanets began with the discovery of the first exoplanet around a star like our sun in 1995 . since the launch of the kepler telescope six years ago, more than 1,000 exoplanets have been found, with thousands of additional candidates waiting to be confirmed .
lacey spears of scottsville, kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her son garnett-paul spears . she was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20, showing no emotion as the verdict was read . the boy's father, chris hill, was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife's sentence; 'please put her in general population! thats all im asking for! because she wont make it'
st patrick's parish in stephensville, wisconsin has discontinued its original pig rassle tournament after 44 years . animal advocacy group, global conservation group, launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs . it garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event . deacon ken bilgrien of st patrick's parish told christian today that the church is moving in a different direction for its 45th annual roundup .
xie shisheng was just 16 years old when he was imprisoned by the mill owner . now 34, a very gaunt xie said he was hit with a hammer, never fed properly and beaten daily .
kevin bowes, 53, lost several teeth and had 'avoidable' root canals . he also had five 'avoidable' crowns fitted at hands of dr nicholas crees . semi-retired teacher said his life had been changed forever by dentist . mr bowes said he will need years of remedial treatment to fix decay .
deshawn isabelle punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair . he then continued to punch her in the head and face as she crouched in the fetal position . isabelle also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in thailand and spent it on junk food, air jordan track suits and his graduation fees .
the fire has burned nearly 2,000 acres in miami-dade county . it is 50% contained .
ards borough council put on lavish three-course christmas banquet for staff . staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat for main course . the council paid £5,225 for caterers for the dinner in december last year . a further £950 was spent on a photo booth, disco and security for 190 staff . council recouped £1,920 of the £7,280.85 costs from deposits from workers .
driver, named by chinese media as mr zhang, drove past injured woman . when he arrived at his mother's house he saw her lying by the side of the road . sense of dread crept over him as he remembered the elderly woman . when he returned to the scene of the accident he found his mother dying .
20 the lindens in new addington, near croydon south london, was bulldozed in june 2013 along with two neighbouring properties . in its place, two new houses have been built, which will be numbered 19a and 19b, completely wiping number 20 from the map .
charles kane of spencerport, new york was arrested thursday as he met up with a 14-year-old girl for sex . the married band teacher had communicated with the girl online after posting a craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship . kane was arrested when he showed up at a local movie theater with a box of condoms on him . kane, 46, is a married middle school music teacher with two young daughters
ryan mason made his senior england debut against italy on tuesday . the tottenham hotspur midfielder had a tattoo on his arm . it was compared to a photo of himself at 12 years old .
the chp became aware of the woman after someone called 911 to report there was an erratic driver in a black suv on a freeway in orange county around 12:30pm wednesday . unlike typical police chases, the woman wasn't speeding and was driving at 35 and 40mph . the chase finally came to an end when one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of the woman's suv and sent the car into a slow spin . the woman then exited her vehicle and raised her hands up .
sheffield wednesday beat brentford 1-0 at hillsborough on wednesday . kieran lee scored the only goal of the game in the second half . the owls are currently fifth in the championship table .
the $45.2billion deal would have merged comcast's 30million customers with time warner cable's 11million . comcast ceo brian roberts declared, 'today we move on. of course, we would have liked to bring our great products to new cities, but we structured this deal so that if the government didn’t agree, we could walk away' . on wednesday night, it emerged that federal communications regulators decided that merger wasn't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock that would have
marc benioff, the ceo of salesforce.com, was one of the first corporate executives to react to indiana's religious freedom restoration act . the law was supposed to satisfy evangelicals but has sparked boycotts of the state . benioff was one of the first corporate executives to call it 'brutal' and 'unjust' and said he was finding ways to reduce investments in indiana .
zookeeper elad hershkowitz placed camera at bottom of water troughs . he filmed animals for 30 hours and cut final footage down to four minutes . some animals initially sceptical about the foreign object in their troughs .
gary neville has slammed manchester united's performance against everton as 'toothless' goals from james mccarthy, john stones and kevin mirallas condemned united to their third successive premier league loss at goodison park . louis van gaal accused his players of lacking desire after the match . neville branded the red devils' display as their worst for five or six weeks .
catholic church accused of blocking appointment of homosexual ambassador . laurent stefanini, 55, was in january asked to represent france at holy see . but appointment was met 'with a stony silence', according to french media .
researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in fukushima . the barn swallow, for example, dropped from hundreds to dozens . this is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall . and comparing it to chernobyl could reveal what the future holds .
nemanja matic and cesc fabregas are one booking away from a two-game ban . the pair will start against qpr at loftus road on sunday . jose mourinho has never taken a team to loftus road before .
greenpeace activists boarded the polar pioneer oil rig in the pacific ocean bound for the arctic on monday . the environmental group said its team would occupy the underside of the main deck of the rig and plans to unfurl a banner . with the names of millions of people opposed to arctic drilling . shell said it has met with groups against oil drilling off alaska's shores and 'respect . their views' but condemned the boarding .
face wipes have been part of our beauty routine for years now . but a new generation of wipes — known as radiance pads — promise to remove eyeliner and mascara, as well as retexturise and brighten skin . infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids, as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice, these new pads are beauty game-changers .
shadow chancellor refused to rule out a five-point rise in corporation tax . he was also evasive about the 40p rate of income tax . businesses are already concerned about labour’s stated plans not to cut corporation tax .
prime minister hits back at criticism over his election campaign . vows to carry on warning about labour's threat to the economy . insists the economy 'excites' millions of people . comes amid claims senior tory figures are planning to make boris johnson the next leader .
jane bacon, 51, booked 'final trip' to sharm el sheikh with husband peter . she was told she could die within months from breast cancer . but she bought £1,000-trip before doctors said she needed chemotherapy . she contacted easyjet to delay trip after discovering she needed treatment . airline apologised and charged her £176 to change her flights .
the walkout occurred on the set of "the ridiculous six" the script called for native women's names such as "beaver's breath" and "no bra"
fernando alonso says he will retire from formula one once his deal with mclaren-honda comes to an end . the 33-year-old left ferrari in 2007 after a bitter year but is glad to be back for the 2015 season . mclaren have struggled for pace and reliability during the first two grand prix of the season .
nicola adams is hoping to become a double olympic gold medallist in rio . adams is hoping to retain her crown at the national championships . natasha jonas announced her retirement from boxing on april 7 .
a new report from suncorp bank suggests australian's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than planned in the last year . men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories, mobile apps, and streaming services . families with children living at home are spending 50 per cent more to stay digitally connected to the world than singles, couples without children and empty nesters . mobile phone bills were the biggest expense, and also the biggest disparity for families .
the fugitive was the must-see film of 1993, grossed a staggering $370million . fans of the film will recognise the inside of the bus where harrison ford's character dr richard kimble tried in vain to save prison officers and fellow inmates . 'illinois dept. of corrections' can still be seen written on the trashed bus in accordance with the film's plot .
thirty years ago this month something as basic as two men hitting balls gripped the nation by the throat . steve davis was leading the final 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green that he has rued to this day . the final was watched by 18.5million, a bbc2 record, but it is way behind the most-watched sporting events .
harry kane will play for england's under 21 side at the european championships . roy hodgson has confirmed kane will join up with the junior squad . kane made his debut for england against italy at wembley .
launch took place at 4.10 et from florida under perfect conditions . spacex founder elon musk tweeted: 'ascent successful. dragon enroute to space station. rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival' musk had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful .
sabrina morrison, 13, was raped by her uncle patrick morrison in 2007 . authorities performed a rape kit on her after she told a teacher the following day . the kit showed traces of semen, but sheriff's deputies did not collect a blood sample and left him walking the streets . for the next four years, he continued to assault the mentally-disabled girl and even got her pregnant . but because of physical complications, the baby was aborted . sheriff joe arpaio's
the fire at bradford city's valley parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 . bradford manager stuart mccall has always declared himself and his father the fortunate ones . but bombshell claims that mere bad luck had perhaps played no role in the disaster .
prince abdul malik, 31, wed bride dayangku raabi'atul 'adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah, 22, in a spectacular ceremony in bandar seri begawan . the newlyweds' matching gold outfits were both embellished with diamonds, while bride raabi'atul carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems .
alexis douglas was playing at her sister's friend's house in melbourne in january when she was attacked by a neighbour's pitbull . the five-year-old required 50 stitches to her face and still requires treatment for the next three years, which will cost nearly $10,000 . the dog's owner escaped without a conviction for not registering his pitbull and was instead handed a $1500 fine by the court .
ashley arenson said boyfriend dan fredinburg, 33, had a purpose in life was to constantly challenge himself . she said he had a way of making people feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted . the arkansas-native is one of four americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit nepal on saturday . arenson revealed he wanted to return to mount everest following the devastation of the avalanche last year - when 16 people were killed .
arsenal are trying to find a cure for alex oxlade-chamberlain’s persistent groin problems . arsene wenger revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain . the root cause of the problem remains unclear .
prosecutors have said robert dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in december 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an interstate 89 median and smashed into an suv carrying amanda murphy, 24, and her fiance, 29-year-old jason timmons . relatives of murphy and timmons tore into dellinger during the first of the two-day sentencing hearing on wednesday . dellinger appeared to be deeply remorseful during the hearing .
tony toutouni, 42, has amassed 750,000 followers on the photo-sharing site in eight months . he admits: 'being young in la and having anything you want, it's not that hard to get any girl you want' he downplays rivalry with playboy friend dan bilzerian, who was dubbed king of instagram last year and has eight million followers .
pictures show a young bear being chained to a tree and attacked by dogs . contest is held to hone hunting skills in yakutsk, eastern russia . many have to be killed when they encroach into built-up areas looking for food .
ed miliband initially suggested he would 'abolish' non-domicile status on wednesday . but it later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit of between two and five years . estate agents claim the announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital's property market .
mark hamill, who played luke skywalker in the original star wars films, said he knew he had to say yes when george lucas told him about the plans to move forward with a new star wars trilogy . 'it's not like a choice. it's like i was drafted,' he said . hamill said he was caught off guard when lucas invited him to lunch . he assumed lucas was going to announce a 3-d release or roll out another box set of
everton have expressed an interest in qpr striker charlie austin . the toffees have made a new striker their priority for the summer . everton watched club brugge forward obbi oulare on sunday .
the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village, 40 miles north of astana . it captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before disappearing . confused locals watched the mysterious cloud hover over shortandy for a quarter of an hour before it vanished as quickly as it appeared .
library hotel was designed around the dewey decimal system . each floor is dedicated to one of the 10 major categories . each room is decorated according to a genre or topic within the categories .
a house was swept away in dungog, north of sydney, on a smartphone . another house was swept away in toronto, near lake macquarie . a houseboat was spotted floating along the waterway in lake macquarie .
the men were part of a group of five divers from the east coast and san francisco . ten friends rented a house on caspar cove 160 miles north of san francisco to hunt for abalone . the deadliest single incident involving abalone divers in recent memory .
stars like kate hudson, pharrell williams and gwen stefani have all shown little to no signs of ageing over the past decade . here, femail rounds up the celebrities whose faces haven't changed .
alyssa marie chang, 56, was furious with the mother of little ronnie tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover . on april 14, she showed up at the home of her love rival outside seattle with a taser . when the woman refused, chang allegedly shocked the woman with the taser . she then allegedly kidnapped the woman and ronnie and took them to a home in des moines, wash
alex stock, a former friend of supposed victim 'jackie', spoke out after he featured in the now-infamous feature a rape on campus . he was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out . stock said rolling stone 'absolutely should be held accountable' for not disciplining sabrina erdley, the reporter who wrote the story .
a randomly selected group of 50 dartmouth college students interviewed hillary clinton on sunday said she followed presidential politics enough to comment . just nine of the students said clinton would make a good u.s. chief executive . twenty-two of the students mentioned the deadly 2012 terror attacks in benghazi, libya as a black mark on clinton's record . 'just because she's a woman doesn't mean she should be president,' one student said .
tracey cox gives her tips on how to get someone's attention . she says that it takes more than just eye contact to get noticed . here she gives her advice on how to use your peepers to get noticed .
james ward-prowse scored in england u 21s' 3-2 win over germany . ward-prowse is starting to get noticed at southampton . the young midfielder has played for england u 21s and southampton .
the indiana pacers' chris copeland, 31, and his wife, katrine saltare, 28, were stabbed during an early-morning argument after they left a popular new york city club on wednesday . a 22-year-old man, shezoy bleary, allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into copeland's abdomen and elbow . he then turned on saltare, stabbing her in the breast, buttocks and arm . another woman, catherine somani
grant allen, 38, travelled around the world with girlfriend gaynor godwin . bought holiday home on costa del sol, spain, using criminally gained money . pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000 . splurged £8,700 on holiday to florida in 2009 when he took girlfriend and children to disney world .
mark hawkins, 49, was holed up in greyhound-style bus in salem, oregon . barricaded himself inside vehicle after being approached by police . seconds later, hawkins allegedly fired weapon from front of vehicle . bullet struck police dog named baco, prompting exchange of gunfire . hours later, swat officers and police fired more than a dozen rounds of tear gas . eventually, they rammed armored car into bus, punching holes in vehicle . hawkins, who was being hunted in
smita srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in india . her hair now stands at 7ft (2.1m), more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player . ms srivastava is a jury member at a major beauty contest in her hometown .
shelley dufresne, 32, was arrested in september after a student at destrehan high school, louisiana, started bragging that he had slept with two teachers . investigation later revealed the 16-year-old had sex with dufresne and his english teacher from the prior year, rachel respess . as part of a plea deal, dufresne will not have to serve time in prison or have to register as a sex offender .
the traditional anzac biscuit recipe is a simple one that features rolled oats, desiccated coconut, and golden syrup as the primary ingredients . femail asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic cookie recipe, from sugar-free, to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version .
every one of africa's 54 member countries will vote for sepp blatter in next month's fifa presidential election . blatter is seeking a fifth term in office to extend a reign that began in 1998 . fifa vice president prince ali bin al-hussein and dutch fa head michael van pragg are standing against blatter .
angelique kerber beat madison keys 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 in charleston . it was kerber's fourth wta title and first since linz in 2013 . kerber had defeated friend, countrywoman and defending champion andrea petkovic in the semifinals .
the 2015 sydney royal easter show opened to the public last thursday 26 march . the showbags cost anywhere from $10 to $30 and are among the mounting prices parents are paying for their annual trip . but are the contents of the bags worth the prices being paid?
recorder philip cattan fell asleep during rape trial of john quingley . retrial had to be ordered and child had to give evidence for second time . judge was confronted with claim he slept through part of cross-examination . cattan, 65, from cheshire has been reprimanded by his bosses .
the pfa premier league team of the year was unveiled at a glitzy ceremony at the grosvenor house hotel in london on sunday night . six chelsea players were voted for the team, with eden hazard, winner of the individual prize, making the side for the third straight season . sergio aguero is one of five changes from the pfa team of the year . gary cahill and nemanja matic failed to make the team . cesc fabregas and ces
jason matthews, 40, left his black saab 93 in a side street before the race . the runner from wolverhampton was unable to remember where he parked it . he spent hours searching for his car and even retraced some of the route . he eventually had to give up and get a train back to his home in the midlands . but adam coppin, 32, from salford has now found his car safe and sound .
joyce tabram, 82, was admitted to fiona stanley hospital in perth on march 30 with a swollen abdomen . she was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed . the west australian health minister said doctors did nothing wrong . ms tabram has called for the hospital to be shut down .
shaun ingram booked his ford focus st in for a major service and mot . but when he went to collect it, he was shocked to discover a mechanic had taken it for a spin . dashcam recorded footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30mph zone . mr ingram, of saltash in cornwall, said the mechanic was 'abusing my car and my trust'
toya graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son michael, pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street . the riots broke out following the death of 25-year-old freddie gray earlier this month who died of a spinal cord injury after being taken into custody by baltimore police . miss graham said she 'just lost it' when she saw her son carrying a rock and walking towards police officers .
mohammad ali akhtar was attacked by a knife-wielding thief at his store . he was only on his second shift at the premier stores in flixton, manchester . the raider brandished a large kitchen knife and demanded all the money . mr akhtar had to have 14 stitches in his ear and surgery on his hand . he said: 'in those few seconds of my life i thought i would die' .
kevin mirallas has been linked with a move away from everton . roberto martinez admits to not knowing what the future holds for the belgium international . mirallas scored his first premier league goal since december 28 .
previously unseen letters show rupert brooke was a womaniser . lovers complained about his refusal to take their relationships seriously . letters are part of the john schroder collection, which has spent decades in private hands but will now be available to the public .
the 41-year-old woman was getting ready for a party when she started to wheeze . worried her asthma would get worse, she reached into her bag for her inhaler . her blue salbutamol inhaler was uncapped in her bag, and she heard a 'coarse rattle' when she shook it . immediately felt a painful scratch in her throat and began coughing up blood, wheezing and becoming short of breath . she was rushed to st vincent's hospital in sydney, where doctors
palaeontologists are referring to chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a 'platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics . features include its small skull and feet, which are similar to those seen on long-neck dinosaurs . the dinosaur belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs - which includes the famous meat eaters velociraptor, carnotaurus and tyrannosaurus . theropods were previously only known in close relatives of birds .
ulysses beaudoin, 39, is accused of shooting his 22-year-old son, ulysses nelson, at their home in katy, texas, tuesday night . deputies say beaudoin got into an argument with his wife of 18 years, christina nelson, in the bedroom, prompting the young man to step in . beaudoin then allegedly shot nelson twice in the back and then allegedly threatened his 18-year-old son . nels
andros townsend scored england's equaliser against italy on tuesday . the tottenham winger has been sent out on loan to nine clubs . townsend has scored as many goals for england as he has done in the premier league for spurs this season . the 23-year-old is regarded as a world-beater and under-achiever .
aussies are planning mid-year getaways in europe . seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in europe . athens in greece is the most popular destination for australians .
the former child star turned real housewife is speaking out for the first time since her shocking arrest last week following a drunken altercation at the beverly hills hotel . richards, 50, was charged with with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting arrest and battery on a police officer . she is scheduled to appear in court on may 10 .
scientists at massachusetts general hospital and harvard medical school have developed a device that clips onto the camera of a smartphone . it uses powerful cameras and tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells . when added to a tissue or blood sample, these microbeads alter the way light is scattered by the sample . they produce distinctive diffraction patterns in the image if clumped together . the results can be sent to a central computer for analysis in 45 minutes .
the irs' overloaded phone system hung up on more than eight million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from customer services . for those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person . many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes, irs commissioner john koskinen said wednesday . the agency's budget has been cut by $1.2 billion since 2010 .
a judge has sentenced tony lopez lozano, 35, to 10 years in prison for fatally stabbing his boyfriend, brian romo . lozano pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison on monday . the victim's mother, kathleen tapia, says that's not long enough .
swiss physicist jean-pierre wolf is working on using lasers to affect the weather . the technology could help us modulate the weather in areas of high contrast .
the dress was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie, including when scarlett o'hara encounters rhett butler and when she gets attacked in the shanty town . it was one of more than 150 items that were part of the private collection of james tumblin . tumblin began collecting onscreen costumes, props and behind-the-scenes artifacts from the film in the 1960s .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at selhurst park on sunday . co-chairman steve parish posed for a picture with alan pardew, roy hodgson and bill wyman after the game . wyman is one of the original members of the rolling stones and avid palace fan .
the hotel sits on the banks of lake mohonk in new york state's hudson valley . it is a faux-gothic victorian castle and looks too faux to european eyes . the lake, gardens and trails are a vast adventure playground for all ages .
two police officers sustained injuries after attempting to close down an enormous 1000 person rave in sydney's east . police received a number of complaints about a dangerously large party at an abandoned industrial area . a male officer was treated at the scene and later had a piece of glass removed from his head . a woman, 26, was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer .
rhiannon taylor travels the world reviewing hotels, beds, pools and room service . the 29-year-old has more than 12,000 followers on instagram . she has travelled from indonesia to the u.s. and mexico .
manny pacquiao's conference call about his fight with floyd mayweather jnr was abruptly cancelled on monday . a spokesman for pacquiao's promoter blamed technical difficulties for the cancellation, partly due to the large number of boxing writers and broadcasters . top rank spokesman lee samuels said: 'we've used the same company for 10-15 years and this is the first time this has happened'
you can spot dolphins at cardigan bay - the dolphin capital of britain . ospreys were reintroduced 18 years ago, the first english ospreys for 150 years . seals of approval are visible on the northerly island of stroma .
the video, which surfaced on reddit on monday evening, shows quaid – famed for roles in blockbusters such as wyatt earp, any given sunday and the day after tomorrow – losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight . during the 40 seconds or so of footage quaid, the younger brother of fellow actor randy, calls his co-workers unprofessional, zombies and pussies .
boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner £400million after it was customised over a three-year period . it contains a dining room where guests can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen, with a lounge and 'state room' at the back . more sleeping space is provided in the 'aeroloft' on the top deck of the plane, with eight full beds .
los angeles angels of anaheim are willing to pay almost $70million for josh hamilton to play for his former team, the texas rangers . the 33-year-old outfielder has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in february . hamilton filed for divorce from his wife, real housewives of orange county star katie hamilton, in late february .
conchita van der waal worked at the dutch central bank for eight years . the 46-year-old offered 'kinky' sexual services for more than £300 an hour . the dutch central bank said she had been fired over 'integrity issues'
18-month-old baby seng was burned to 64 per cent of his body in 2011 . turia pitt, from vientiane, laos, witnessed the operation last march . surgeons from the australian charity, interplast, saved seng's sight . turia has been operated on more than 200 times since being caught in the flames . she is hosting a fundraising gala on thursday to raise funds for more volunteer medicos to head overseas to save lives and livelihoods .
david totton, 36, admitted driving a hired white peugeot into club liv doors . he was walking through manchester city centre when he saw friend having argument . he went over to act as 'peace-maker' but was told nobody else was in . totton, who has a long history of violence, was told to leave as well . he was banned from all manchester pubs and clubs for three years .
anti-immigration front leader marine le pen, 46, named one of time 100 . she took over from her father jean-marie, 86, in 2011 . marine recently said she would oppose his candidacy in regional elections .
british transport police chief constable paul crowther warns of thuggish behaviour . btp has recorded 630 football-related incidents so far this season . mr crowther said the impact on ordinary passengers is 'unacceptable'
david silva was taken off in manchester city's win over west ham . the spaniard was caught in the face by on-rushing cheikhou kouyate . kouyate was only booked by referee anthony taylor .
traffic police officers were standing on the hard shoulder on the m5 in gloucestershire . they pulled over a driver suspected of speeding and spotted a caravan . at the last minute they spotted the caravan's window was open and circled . the officers were forced to dive out of the way with just seconds to spare . caravan narrowly missed a workman standing further along the carriageway .
the actor bought the 104-acre blackadore caye off the coast of belize in 2005 for $1.75 million . he recently teamed up with the chief executive of new york development firm delos to create a luxury eco-resort there . the resort will have villas on a platform over the water, as well as artificial reefs with 'fish shelters' and other features that hope to rehabilitate the area .
the unemployment rate for college graduates grew by 1.5per cent in 2014, despite president obama's promise to reverse the trend . overall, the united states generated 3.1 million jobs last year, the most since 1999 .
audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide . experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude', which was then refined into diesel . audi has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of german minister of education and research dr johanna wanka .
evan summerfield had just learned to laugh and take his dummy out by himself . hours later he was fighting for his life after waking from a nap with a rash . when his great-grandmother carried out the 'glass test' she saw that it didn't fade under pressure . he was rushed to derriford hospital but was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia and died soon after .
bettie jo, 24, from houston, texas, lived off fried chicken and barbecue sauce . she was housebound and unable to care for herself . her husband josh had to help her go to the toilet and into the shower . bettie now weighs 35st 8lbs (500lbs) and shedding 11st means she is now mobile and can stand up on her own .
the former secretary of state flew first class from boston to washington, d.c. after wrapping up a two-day new hampshire campaign trip . 'mrs. clinton, when are you going to start talking to the press about benghazi?' daily mail online asked her . moments earlier, she answered a question about why her taxpayer-funded security detail had sped at 80 mph past exits for the smaller manchester, new hampshire airport .
tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the iss . it would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in earth orbit . the system would have a range of 62 miles (100km) and could target things less than 0.4 inches (1cm) in size . powerful pulses from the laser would then push space junk into earth’s atmosphere, where it would burn up . this would create a force that reduced its velocity, causing it to fall into earth’s atmosphere and burn up .
'i think i have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. i'll own up to that,' the kentucky senator said . paul, who announced his bid for the oval office on tuesday, admitted that he needs to 'have more patience' with reporters, even if he's 'annoyed' with them . the confession summed up the freshman lawmaker's second day as an official 2016 contestant .
nurse long yufang was threatened with a knife by bare-chested man . a&e doctor lin xikun immediately offered himself as an alternate hostage . nurse huang chunyan said: 'dr lin offered to swap places with her'
timothy mcveigh considered the bombing of the oklahoma city federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing . mcveigh also viewed himself as a 'paul revere-type messenger' and suggested his defense team should receive $800,000 from the government . the estimated one million pages of paper documents from stephen jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the university of texas .
world number one novak djokovic beat albert ramos-vinolas 6-1 6-4 . david ferrer also through after opponent victor estrella burgos retired . jo-wilfried tsonga beat jan-lennard struff 6-4 6-4 .
former cia director david petraeus was sentenced to two years probation and fined $100,000 for leaking classified information to mistress paula broadwell . petraeus, a retired army general, had an affair with broadwell in 2012 . he pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor count of unauthorized removal and retention of classified material two months ago . he was wearing his wedding ring but there was no sign of his wife, holly .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao at the mgm grand on may 2 . pacquiao's shorts will carry sponsorship logos worth £1.5m . pacquiao is assured more than £50m from the fight . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
vijay chokalingam applied to medical school claiming to be african-american . he posed as a black man to "dramatically improve" his chances of admission, he says .
rose mcgrath of battle creek, michigan was diagnosed with lymphoblastic leukemia in 2012 . though she is done with her treatment, she still feels ill and has trouble attending her classes and finishing her schoolwork . st. joseph's middle school, a private catholic school, sent a letter to rose and her dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance . 'i didn't do anything wrong, but they still got rid of me,' rose said tearfully .
hawaiian-born photographer dustin wong, 31, abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera . he started taking photographs 15 years ago before taking it up full time last year .
more than 25million live in constituencies where result can already be predicted . 650 seats up for grabs on may 7, with labour and tories needing half . electoral reform society claims result in 364 seats can be called now .
lian doyle hid trainers justin robertson wore when he killed pennie davis . robertson was paid £1,500 by the son of the victim's ex-lover . doyle, 24, pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice . she was today sentenced to 10 months in prison, but released immediately .
more than 1,700 freshmen students from yichuan, shaanxi province took the exam on saturday . the school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space . regular radio announcement ordered students to turn their chairs and desks collectively from time to time .
andy murray will face novak djokovic in the miami open final on sunday . the british no 1 beat tomas berdych in the australian open semi-final . murray has lost nine out of his last 10 matches against djokovic .
montana district judge g. todd baugh has been chosen for a lifetime achievement award by his local bar association . baugh, 73, sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old cherice moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher . baugh sentenced former teacher stacey rambold to just one month in prison in the case . moralez killed herself before the case went to trial .
west ham host stoke city at upton park (saturday 3pm) hammers will have enner valencia available after a toe injury . james tomkins has undergone shoulder surgery . andy carroll (knee) and doneil henry (hamstring) remain sidelined . stoke defender marc wilson available despite broken hand .
the 49-year-old woman showed a staggering response to a new drugs cocktail . scientists at the new york hospital combined ipilimumab with nivolumab . after just one dose of the drugs, the tumour 'kind of dissolved' .
cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood orders inquiry into leaked memo . claims snp leader nicola sturgeon wants david cameron to win election . row follows allegation she told french ambassador she would prefer victory .
a woman leaves her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers . the explosion kills at least five people and injures more than a dozen others, witnesses say . no one has claimed responsibility for the attack .
laser scanning is being used to preserve ancient and historical architecture . the laser scanning company cyark is aiming to scan 500 world heritage sites in five years . cnn's nick glass speaks with iraqi-born engineer ben kacyra .
qpr beat west brom 4-1 in their premier league clash on saturday . chris ramsey's side have lost 13 of 14 away games this season . qpr are three points adrift of safety ahead of aston villa clash .
naturalized u.s. citizen abdirahman sheik mohamud pleads not guilty to federal charges . he allegedly traveled to syria for training and wanted to return home to kill americans .
cheng chen, 27, was inspired to make the body armour after watching the film . he spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica . the finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet, gloves and backpack . but cheng said he was too 'chubby' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him .
sudan the northern white rhino was stripped of his horn for his own safety . the 43-year-old could live until his 50s - but is now under 24-hour guard . rangers risk their lives every day to deter poachers after his horn .
celtic are eight points clear at the top of the scottish premiership . dundee's simon ferry and celtic's james forrest tussle for possession . virgil van dijk scored celtic's winner in the 63rd minute .
nina moric, 38, appeared in the video for ricky martin's hit song la vida loco . italian media reported that she tried to take her own life over the weekend . ms moric said she was treated in hospital after collapsing due to 'low blood pressure' the croatian-born model told her fans she was recovering at home .
mark lawson, 44, was at the diamond tap pub in newbury, berkshire . he agreed to let colleague simon myers take some chips from his plate . but when mr myers started eating an onion ring, lawson was angered . he shouted at mr myers and drove a steak knife into his thigh . lawson was spared jail today at reading crown court .
rilwan oshodi, 31, bought karen budow's bank details for just £3,200 . he then spent her savings on cheeseburgers, champagne and computers . but he insists he is so broke he can't even pay his lawyers . if he doesn't repay his ill-gotten gains he will spend four more years in jail .
fewer than one in five massachusetts residents believe dzhokhar tsarnaev should be executed . tsarnaev killed three people and injured 260 others in the april, 2013 bombings . last week prosecutors described the 21-year-old as 'america's worst nightmare' .
calvin harris has earned seventy million pounds since bursting onto the scene . he earned £45 million last year, making him the best-paid dj on the planet . he has been named the 21st most powerful celebrity on forbes' celebrity 100 .
a man dressed as a woman robbed a petrol station in watervale, victoria . the cross-dressing robber demanded cash from a female staff member . he pulled out what appeared to be a fake machine gun and demanded the money from the till .
an unidentified man was caught on the nbc sports channel wandering across the green at the ko olina resort in oahu and plunging into a pond . announcers couldn't help but chuckle at the course-crasher's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same time . the man made it out of the water with his hat, but had to leave the beer behind .
tories accuse labour of trying to 'weaponise' the nhs with letter from doctors . ed miliband claims coalition has made it harder to get a gp appointment . miliband claimed there were now 600 fewer surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before the previous election .
luke shaw was substituted at half time against arsenal in the fa cup . louis van gaal told shaw he was not fit enough to play for manchester united . shaw has not played since and was withdrawn from the recent england squad . the left back is struggling to come to terms with his new life at united .
u.s. rep. john delaney: "there's a larger narrative about christian persecution" isis, al-shabaab aim to create societies governed by strict, distorted versions of sharia law .
christopher dodd, 24, and fay purdham, 27, grew up together as boys . miss purdham, who was born kevin, began her transition to becoming a woman . the pair reunited at a party years later and are now planning their family . miss purdham had frozen her sperm before changing to a woman .
niamh geaney, 26, and karen branigan, 29, found doppelgängers in ireland . london-based journalist found hers in birmingham through social media . two university students and two retired men also found doppelgängers .
todd kincannon, 33, has been arrested and charged with criminal domestic violence following an incident involving his wife last month . an arrest warrant alleges that kincannon's wife, ashely griffith, told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a march 26 argument in their car . griffith told police kincannon threatened to kill her, himself and her family during the incident – threats kincannon is accused of having made previously . kincannon allegedly 'accidentally overdosed' on the
jackie mcnamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week . dundee united have won just once since selling armstrong and gary mackay-steven to celtic for £2million on transfer deadline day . after 10 games without a win, the heat was turned up on mcnamara on wednesday night when united lost 3-1 at dens park .
sbs football reporter and presenter scott mcintyre took to social media to tweet 'despicable' and 'inappropriate' comments . mcintyre referred to the anzac's landing on the gallipoli peninsula in turkey . he accused the australian diggers of committing war crimes . the tweets were met with disgust by twitter users who began the hashtag #sackscottmcintyre .
veteran broadcaster claims legislation has prompted decline in women's membership . some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee . equality act 2010, drafted by previous labour government, ruled that this was illegal discrimination .
dan swangard joined a california lawsuit seeking to let doctors prescribe lethal medications . the lawsuit asks the court to protect doctors from liability if they prescribe lethal medications .
fenerbahce team bus came under armed attack on saturday night . the bus was going over a viaduct on its way to the airport in istanbul . fener said the driver was wounded and taken to hospital . the club have called for the suspension of the turkish championship .
xiangyu ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde--a potentially deadly form of embalming fluid--starting last september . the recipient of singapore's prestigious agency for science, technology and research (a*star) scholarship has been dropped from the top university . ouyang could face as many as 8 years in prison .
new zealand racing presenter adian rodley has become a viral sensation after his ecstatic celebration of racehorse's victory was caught on film . watching the race on a trackside tv, bosson's agent adian rodley didn't realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebrations . when khan and bosson finish victorious, rodley cannot contain himself, erupting into fist-pumping celebrations and bolting off camera .
bruce jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on e! starting july 27 . 'they are warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality tv,' a source told tmz on monday . jenner sons burt, brandon and brody jenner and stepdaughter kim kardashian are 'proud' of the father figure as some called him their '
nbc investigative journalists looking into allegations made by brian williams . they are looking at a february 2011 interview he gave to jon stewart . williams said he 'made eye contact' with soldier before violence erupted . but there is no footage of williams actually on tahrir square in egypt .
alison saunders said she was 'not afraid' of a legal challenge over decision . she is convinced lord janner is not fit to plead because of his dementia . mrs saunders said: 'making the right decision is not a resigning issue' .
a growing number of japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce . robots are appearing in stores, banks and soon even hotels .
the duke of edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his australian knighthood by the queen . the citation recognises the 93-year-old duke of edinburgh's long service to the british monarchy and the commonwealth . it comes despite criticism of australian prime minister tony abbott following the announcement that he had recommended the duke for the honour .
the 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden to be brutally raped by a man at a bus stop in leeds . police have now come across cctv footage that shows the man following three other potential victims earlier that night . one woman was forced to flee from the man by bus after walking to her car in leeds city centre . another woman may have been aware she was being stalked as he also walked up behind her in the city centre .
the clip was filmed by the creative agency leo burnett toronto for the homeless charity humans for humans . it is designed to make people think twice about the way that they look at people who sleep rough . many of the people break down in tears as they read the hurtful comments .
tom croft has signed a new deal at leicester which keeps him at the club . the flanker suffered a dislocated shoulder in the tigers' victory over newcastle last month . the 29-year-old was left facing six months of rehabilitation .
andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is 'running out of time' to resurrect his england career . pietersen scored 170 for surrey in his first red ball innings since june 2013 . england have won their last three tests under alastair cook .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will fight in las vegas on may 2 . the two boxers have revealed a dozen oddities about themselves . twizzlers are one of mayweather's go-to snacks . he averages over 1000 sit-ups a day during training camp .
curtis stone’s image has always been of the affable aussie who loves to cook, but when it comes to his kids there’s some food that he just won't allow them to eat no matter what . the celebrity chef lives in los angeles with his actress wife lindsay price and their two boys, hudson, aged three and emerson, seven months . stone says his biggest priority is to feed his children healthy food .
workers at two texas stores, as well as in california, florida and oklahoma, were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs . almost 550 people lost their job at the pico rivera store in california alone . walmart recently announced it will raise the store's minimum hourly wage to $9 an hour .
leeds rhinos have sent zak hardaker on an anger management course . hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man at student flats in february . the full back received a five-match ban and a fine for a homophobic comment made last year and was also fined by england for breaching team discipline during the 2013 world cup .
michael munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to his ex-girlfriend, melissa . the sydney man says he needs the support of the public in order to win her back . yet some users were not entirely convinced by his plea for help, describing his messages as 'creepy and inappropriate' mr munday has posted 135 tweets about melissa and has about 23k followers .
two african-americans are elected to the ferguson city council . three of the six council members are black . this was the first election since michael brown's death .
the dalniy vostok freezer trawler was carrying 132 people, russia says . the shipwreck was swift, with the trawler going down within 15 minutes of getting into difficulties .
joel ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal with crystal palace . the right back has been impressed at both left and right back this season . ward has made 35 appearances in all competitions for the eagles .
american eagle flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from dallas-fort worth international airport to wichita falls, texas, on sunday night . when it got to wichita falls, the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on . wichita falls officials first said that the eagle pilot had the wrong radio frequency to turn on the lights on the main, 13,000-foot runway .
kayla mooney, of danbury, connecticut, was arrested on march 31 after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boy's girlfriend . mooney, who was in her first year teaching science at danbury high school, turned herself in to police . the boy told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year, which appear to be supported by emails between the pair .
oliur rahman took over from disgraced former mayor lutfur rahman yesterday . he insisted there was deep-rooted racism in tower hamlets, east london . comment at odds with ruling that condemned rahman for bribery and ballot fraud .
"the dark knight returns" is widely credited for resurrecting batman in pop culture . dc comics announced friday the final chapter in his "the dark knight returns" trilogy . this third chapter in the grim saga will be released sometime in the fall .
the washington couple's three-year-old complained of someone talking to him at night . but one night they heard a strange man's voice come over the monitor to tell their son: 'wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you' they believe the stranger has also got into the camera on the monitor . technology experts have warned that it is becoming easier for hackers to infiltrate family's baby monitors as many of the newer devices connect to the internet .
liverpool lost 6-2 to blackburn in the fa cup third round replay . kolo toure scored the only goal of the game for the reds . steven gerrard's birthday falls on may 30, the same day as wembley final . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
the 511 elephant tusks, worth $6million (£4m), were seized upon arrival at a major port in chonburi province in eastern thailand . the ivory, hidden among tea leaves, was shipped out of kenya on march 24 and went through ports in sri lanka, malaysia and singapore . thailand is one of the top destinations for african ivory smuggling in asia and could face international sanctions soon .
eniola aluko has been nominated for the pfa women's player of the year . lucy bronze is the current holder of the women's pfa players' player of the year award . karen carney is the first woman to be inducted into the club's hall of fame . jess clarke, kelly smith and ji so-yun have all made the shortlist .
harrison poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual tommy tune awards on tuesday in houston, texas . tv cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness . the young bow tie-wearing actor went on to make a swift recovery and bounced back to the podium . ironically, poe was recognized for playing paul in his school's production of a chorus line .
schalke defender christian fuchs is out of contract this summer . austria international captain fuchs is keen on a move to the premier league . swansea have been looking at bringing in a left back since the summer .
chris brugger has relapsed hodgkin's lymphoma and needs new treatment . non-taxpayer subsidised treatment, brentuximab vedotin, is keeping him alive . the 35-year-old's 'my name is chris' campaign was launched in mid-january . chris's wife naomi said the campaign has made a huge difference . the brugger family are hoping that the new treatment will mean there are happier times ahead 
robert lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer . the poland international spent four years at dortmund, leading them to back-to-back league titles during that period . roman weidenfeller saved thomas muller's original effort bu the ball fell kindly to lewandowski .
dr george hamilton said scott's death was 'motivated by racial discrimination' hamilton, chief apostle of the w.o.r.d. ministries, referred to officer michael slager as a 'disgrace' hundreds of mourners crammed into church in summerville, south carolina . scott was shot five times in the back by slager on april 4 in charleston .
charlie adam scored a stunning goal against chelsea on saturday . peter crouch gave his verdict on adam's celebration on sky's soccer am . the former liverpool and tottenham striker was less than impressed .
kenne worthen, 27, allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at longview elementary school in phoenix last august and the relationship turned sexual in january . the married father-of-one allegedly kept in contact with the girl by messaging her on an ipod app, google hangouts, where she labeled his profile with a fake name, 'jesse smith' he 'asked her mother if she could stay behind after class and on april 10 he contacted her mother and said, "can she stay after school
perth glory fans set off flares during 3-0 defeat to sydney fc on friday night . a 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg during the flares . two teenagers have been charged with gbh and use of signals and flares . nib stadium operators venueswest has threatened a five year ban .
photographs show four men being interviewed by isis militants in mosul, iraq . they are then dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions . savage punishment significantly more extreme than usual punishment for theft .
chris ramsey's qpr face tony pulis's west brom at the hawthorns on saturday . pulis was linked with the vacant qpr managerial post after harry redknapp’s departure in february . ramsey says pulis 'is one of the best coaches in britain' .
gerard t. 'the frenchman' ouimette, 75, has died in a federal prison in north carolina . ouimette was suspected of having a role in up to eight murders . he 'ran' the federal prison in north carolina in the 1970s and even had booze, drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis . ouimette had more than 10 convictions during his criminal career, including one for punching an fbi agent .
restaurants serving domestic cats springing up across northern vietnam . booming demand so high owner slaughtered 31 cats already that day . animal welfare groups have blasted the illegal trade .
abc's world news tonight evening newscast has officially overtaken nbc's nightly news in the ratings war for the first time in more than five and a half years . nbc's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to september 2009 . the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor brian williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers .
racing metro play saracens in the european champions cup quarter-finals . johnny sexton wants to fill the void by winning a medal with the club . the irishman has not won a trophy since joining the club in 2010 .
the westwood-designed penthouse at the london west hollywood hotel is set to open next month . it will feature exclusive art, decor and custom furnishings, created in collaboration with richmond design . guests can spot westwood-designed prints, tiles and even scarves in the la suite, before spending an hour of exclusive private shopping .
alinea, run by grant achatz, has retained its crown as the best restaurant in the world, the annual poll by luxury magazine elite traveler revealed . the eatery, which is chicago’s only three-michelin-starred restaurant, is the brainchild of culinary prodigy grant achatz . eleven madison park came in at fourth position, while per se came seventh and le bernardin came ninth .
thibaut verlinden is a 15-year-old member of belgium's u16 squad . the standard liege midfielder has had trials with liverpool and everton . stoke have also persuaded barcelona's mohamed el ouriachi to join .
the iconic sydney harbour bridge has topped the list as the most photographed australian landmark on instagram . with 342,969 photos, it trumps sydney's popular bondi beach which has been ranked second with 261,911 photos . love home swap released the 20 most 'instagrammed' places in australia on wednesday .
jason harrison, a schizophrenic man, was fatally shot in june in dallas county, texas . two officers won't face criminal prosecution in the case . the officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from harrison's family .
winchester council said health and safety executive rules hit its annual clean-up of roads around the city . but hse denied tightening rules and said councils were 'over-interpreting' legislation . sir andrew motion accused town hall bosses and highways agency of ruining countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
masood mansouri, 33, from saltney, flintshire, denies kidnap, rape and sexual assault . alleged victim, 20, flagged down a car believing he was a taxi driver . but instead of taking her to a nightclub he took her to his home and raped her . she managed to escape by hiding in bushes before getting another taxi . the next day she became so distressed she broke down and told her mother . five days later she took an overdose of her mother’s
golden state warriors beat los angeles clippers 110-106 on tuesday . david lee added 17 points for the warriors, who had lost four in a row . blake griffin had 40 points, chris paul 27 points and nine assists .
maria sharapova has pulled out of this weekend's fed cup semi-final with a leg injury . the russian is also a doubt for the wta stuttgart open, which starts on april 20 . sharapova helped russia beat poland in the fed cup first round in february .
gary locke has been given the job at kilmarnock on a permanent basis . locke joined the club as assistant manager to allan johnston last summer . the 39-year-old has lost just once in seven games since taking over . locke will speak at a press conference on friday morning .
six dancers filmed twerking in front of malaya zemlya monument in novorossiysk . prosecutors said their 'erotic and sexual twerk dance' was disrespectful . two of the women were jailed for ten days and a third for 15 days . another dancer escaped punishment as she was under 16 .
curt almond, 26, from bristol, spent £40 a week buying new boxers . he could slip into a new 'crisp pair' every day of the week . but after wiping out his savings, he realised it was 'bankruptcy or boxers' . realised he needed to wean himself off his bizarre addiction .
belardo beat only one home in saturday’s greenham stakes . trainer roger varian insists he has not lost faith in belardo . a trip to france for belardo could mean a re-match with greenham stakes winner muhaarar .
villagers in ansai, shaanxi province, china, dug a 46m well to get drinking water . but when they pumped it to surface they found it was so polluted it could be set on fire . local officials say they have launched an investigation into how the water became so polluted .
clermont face saracens at stade geoffrey-guichard on saturday . saracens centre wesley fofana is up against brad barritt . brock james faces charlie hodgson for saracens .
a 14-year-old boy is arrested in england on terror-related charges . he encouraged an attack on an australian parade honoring the war dead . he urged the beheading of "someone in australia," a prosecutor says .
map was created by writer levi pearson, who used a ufo sighting dataset from the national ufo reporting centre and open source software from cartodb . it begins in 1933 with the first ufo sightings being spotted over california and nebraska in the us, the uk and france in europe, and locations in japan and australia . the number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s across the world . many of the sightings can be put down to the
john smith, 45, stage-managed crashes around chester area over three years . he processed 218 personal injury claims to no win no fee lawyers . all bogus claims were for whiplash and 'soft tissue injuries', meaning they could not be verified by insurers . smith faces jail after being found guilty of conspiracy to commit fraud .
first minister nicola sturgeon hits out at people questioning why she doesn't have children . snp leader says alex salmond does not have to field questions on why he has not started a family . insisted she was not 'moaning' but attacked criticism over her appearance . made remarks in latest of five special programmes profiling party leaders .
cctv footage shows a man casually approaching a range rover in north london . within two seconds, he opens the door and climbs into the driver's seat . seconds later, he reverses the car away from the front of the house . the metropolitan police are appealing for information in a bid to track down the thief .
manchester city have struggled to keep up with chelsea in the premier league . manuel pellegrini believes his side are now in a battle for the champions league places and not the title . city face crystal palace on monday .
the funeral for stephanie scott will be held next wednesday in her home town of canowindra . the parish priest officiating at the ceremony is bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion . reverend jonno williams is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone . ms scott's burned body was found last friday around five metres from a road in cocoparra national park .
david haye, 34, was stopped at dubai international airport for a holiday . he was accused of writing a cheque which bounced as payment for a property . the boxer was held in a police cell and handed over his passport . haye has been unable to leave the united arab emirates for the past week .
raheem sterling has been labelled avaricious, capricious, disloyal and impressionable . he has not signed the lucrative new contract that the club have put in front of him . sterling has more than two years left on his existing one . liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal in the premier league on saturday .
amanda holden, 44, talks about her traumatic childbirth experiences in new interview . the britain's got talent judge was diagnosed with ptsd after near-death experience . holden talks about maintaining her youthful appearance in new interview .
tottenham face aston villa at white hart lane on saturday . tim sherwood believes spurs need to keep pace with harry kane's rise . kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions this season .
chancellor was given a tour of the numatic factory in chard, somerset . onlookers could not help noticing the striking similarities .
joshua smith, 16, died after falling from a cliff and plunging into the sea . he was plucked from the surf by raf rescue helicopter and flown to hospital . police have said they are not treating his death as suspicious .
atletico madrid host real madrid in the champions league on tuesday . carlo ancelotti has hailed diego simeone as one of the best coaches in the world . real madrid travel to the vicente calderon for their quarter-final first leg . ancelotti admits facing simeone is both an 'honour' and a 'problem' .
nasa scientists in california have revealed new images of the dwarf planet ceres . they reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater . however, scientists are still not able to explain what they are . dawn will begin its first science orbit around ceres on 23 april . the two brightest spots seen in a crater are known as ‘spot 5’ . the scale in the image is about 1.3 miles (2.1km) per kilometre . the two brightest spots seen in a cra
tony pulis admits joey barton 'probably had a point' about west brom losing their cool . barton claimed west brom lost their cool during defeat to qpr in december . pulis says barton is entitled to 'hid views and his opinions' .
seth casteel photographed 750 babies in schools across each of the states to create underwater babies . kids between one and four have the highest rates of drowning than any group in the nation . kids between one and four have the highest rates of drowning .
adriana alvarez, 22, says even with assistance from food stamps, medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by . she is a leader with fight for $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize . alvarez said the first thing she would do with an increased wage would be to find a 'decent place to live' with good schools for her three-year-old son .
jack grealish was fantastic but fabian delph was the best player . delph put in an all-action display and ran the game at wembley . grealish is quick but has a languid style, like steve mcmanaman . tim sherwood has done a brilliant job with villa .
muslims will increase at more than double the rate of the world's population . by 2100 around one per cent of the population will be muslim than christian . largest proportion of the religion's followers will be in india . number of countries with a christian majority is expected to decline from 159 to 151 . by 2050 muslims will make up around ten per cent of europe's population .
richard wilkins, 60, made the pilgrimage to gallipoli on the eve of the centenary commemorations . he retraced the steps of his grandfather george william thomson, a qualified dentist who toiled for hours on end as part of the new zealand medical corps to mend broken bodies . wilkins broke down as he retraced the steps of the man he affectionately called 'papa' in gallipoli .
jennie anne kehlet, 49, and raymond keith kehlet, 47, were last seen on march 22 in an area called table top near the gold prospecting and mining town of sandstone . the couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a well-stocked campsite about 30km south of sandstone . police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres, however a search aircraft with forward looking infrared equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far .
a tv series based on the 1999 sci-fi film "galaxy quest" is in the works at paramount television . the film starred tim allen, sigourney weaver, tony shalhoub, sam rockwell, daryl mitchell and enrico colantoni .
malia obama, 16, is already visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads to school in the fall of 2016 . president obama said he 'starts tearing up in the middle of the day and i can't explain it, why am i so sad?' .
gianni van, 45, is accused of killing gonzalo ramirez, 24, in april 1995 . ramirez's blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of a road in irvine, california . prosecutors say van was enraged after his ex-girlfriend norma patricia esparza told him ramirez had raped her and he must be held responsible for the attack . esparza is expected to testify thursday .
bruce, 65, halted his gender transition after meeting kris kardashian, the ex-wife of famed la attorney robert kardashian . the couple married in april 1991 and had two children together before divorcing in december last year . bruce says he started hormone therapy and plastic surgery in the mid to late 1980s to make himself look more feminine . he says he stopped out of 'fear' of publicity and shame .
mick schumacher made his official pre-season test debut in formula 4 on wednesday . the 16-year-old, son of seven-time f1 world champion michael, drew huge media interest to the oschersleben circuit . the young protege began karting seven years ago, and this year reached the german formula 4 .
amanda peake glover died saturday after collapsing moments after completing the palmetto half marathon . glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who'd only one month before had completed the myrtle beach marathon with her brother . her husband, benji, is, no doubt, the most shocked of all .
study suggests societies with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in an all-powerful deity . scientists suggest religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats . uk is one of the least religious places in the world, according to a new survey .
up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone . demand is putting endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants in south east asia at risk .
tim sherwood is confident aston villa can stay up with five games left . villa are four points above the premier league's relegation zone . sherwood could have gabriel agbonlahor back from a hamstring injury . philippe senderos and aly cissokho are available again after respective thigh and groin problems .
travel doesn’t come cheap, but it is possible to see some of the most amazing places on the planet on a tight budget . all it takes is a few sacrifices, hard work, commitment and an outgoing personality . here are some of the ways travellers can keep their costs down while satisfying their wanderlust .
judge jerry baxter says he's "not comfortable" with seven-year prison terms given to 3 educators . tamara cotman, sharon davis-williams and michael pitts are ordered to serve seven years on probation .
ipsa launched a bid to keep mps' expenses claims secret . but court of appeal ruled it must release copies of receipts submitted by politicians . legal action centred on whether copies should be published - rather than a summary of the claims put in by mps .
dan price, ceo of seattle startup gravity payments, is slashing his own salary by 93percent . he's also taking up to 80percent of the firm's $2.2million expected profit to plow it back into staff salaries . gravity payments processes credit card payments for small businesses .
floyd mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of his mega-fight with manny pacquiao next month . mayweather's chef 'chef q' fills two shopping trolleys and spends $321.43 (around £220) on the champ's healthy food . 'he loves his snacks!' says the chef .
louis jordan, 37, was picked up by a german-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing . he was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat, angel, which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of cape hatteras . a coast guard helicopter crew from north carolina flew to the ship and airlifted jordan to a hospital in norfolk, virginia .
volcano, 31, was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing in benghazi . he stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings . libya's second largest city was seized by hardline islamist group last year .
michael jacobs opened the scoring for blackpool in the ninth minute . eidur gudjohnsen equalised for bolton in the fifth minute of stoppage time . the result leaves blackpool bottom of the championship .
the new york post's page six alleged sunday that chef bobby flay, 50, has been having an affair with his assistant eliyse tirrell, who's 28 . the gossip site claimed that march learned of the affair just after thanksgiving 2014 . flay filed for divorce from march, 40, earlier this month saying that his 10-year marriage to law & order:suv star march has 'irretrievably broken down' .
salt card was created by chicago-based joel paglione and niko zistakis . they claim it will save people around 53 hours over a year, based on the belief that the average phone user unlocks their phone 150 times a day . card connects to an app on a user’s android handset or iphone via bluetooth and also tells them if they have strayed too far from their wallet, where the salt card is suggested . card is three times as thick because it has to be big enough to store the battery, which lasts
david cameron pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service . prime minister said last night he was ‘utterly committed’ to the health service . promise that all over-75s will get a guaranteed same-day gp appointment will raise eyebrows among critics who say gps are already struggling to cope .
abdelkrim elmezayen, 13, was pulled from the water at the scene shortly after 6pm on thursday . his parents are in a stable condition in hospital . the family of four had been driving out of a parking lot on berth 73 when the vehicle, driven by the boys' father, veered off the edge of the harbor . it landed upside down in the 30-foot water . two adults were found swimming in the water when rescuers arrived .
steve mcclaren's future will be decided at the end of the season . derby county are play-off contenders in the championship . paul clement is a leading candidate to replace mcclaren .
tessa cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test . from cakes to curries, freezing brings out more of their flavour and texture . here, tessa puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test .
diego costa injured his hamstring in the win over stoke city on april 4 . the striker was expected to be out for a month but has recovered quickly . jose mourinho has hinted that loic remy could return from a calf injury .
valerie rutty, 60, altered invoices by increasing prices of work she had commissioned . then paid difference between actual sums into her own bank account . stole almost £3,500 from fund at irlam primary school in greater manchester .
david crossley, 63, from birmingham, developed kidney stones last year . one in ten people will develop a kidney stone, and the numbers are rising . they are the result of waste products in the blood forming crystals inside the kidneys, which eventually build up into a solid lump . they start causing pain - known as renal colic - once they travel down the ureter, the narrow tube that carries urine from the kidney to the bladder .
study of 1,500 teachers found 30% of teachers have suffered online abuse . this includes threats, sexually explicit insults and covert films of teachers . bullying by parents accounts for 40% of all reported online insults this year .
cesc fabregas scored chelsea's winner in the 87th minute at loftus road . thibaut courtois made a series of impressive saves to deny charlie austin and matt phillips . nedum onuoha and clint hill performed well at the back for qpr .
home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low . only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss compared to their prior purchase price . 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price . sydney recorded the lowest loss-making resales at just 2.4 percent . perth and melbourne also saw extremely low resale losses of 5.5 percent and 5.6 percent respectively .
timothy crook is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents bob, 90, and elsie, 83 . he then drove their bodies 150 miles in a grey nissan micra, bristol crown court heard . but prosecutors have been accused of losing the car at the centre of a double murder case .
charlie austin has scored 17 goals for qpr this season . harry kane will be with gareth southgate's under-21 side . england boss roy hodgson has been impressed with austin .
the prevention of terrorism act was passed in the capital kuala lumpur . officially enables authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years . but it also allows for authorities to apply for unlimited extensions after two years . it effectively reintroduces controversial prospect of indefinite detention without trial . human rights watch described it as 'a giant step backwards for human rights'
former adelaide doctor tareq kamleh is still registered to practice medicine in australia despite his public support for isis . the medical board of australia can deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a 'fit and proper person' no action has yet been taken against dr kamleh . he appeared in the latest isis propaganda video at the weekend wearing western-style surgical scrubs and handling babies in a maternity ward .
filip djuricic ruled out of southampton's trip to hull city with ankle injury . steven davis could return for saints after recovering from ankle injury . hull keeper allan mcgregor is out of form and could be rested . tom huddlestone returns from suspension but david meyler returns .
gareth bale will be rested for real madrid's clash with eibar on saturday . the welshman joins suspended toni kroos and james rodriguez on the sidelines . cristiano ronaldo will play and hopes to add to his already 37 goals .
amie cox, 33, of victoria, made the ready admission of the sensory bond she has for her younger son alex, 5, over her older boy william, 7 . ms cox says alex has a 'special smell' and sniffs him 'all the time' she said she didn't want anyone else to touch him or 'rub their smell on him' for the first six to 12 months of alex's life . ms cox says she is a 'normal loving mum' who treats both boys equally .
pavel nedved has revealed that barcelona are interested in signing paul pogba . the juventus director insisted the frenchman won't be moving anywhere . nedved expressed his relief that juventus avoided barcelona in the champions league quarter-finals .
the boston runbase scheduled to open april 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world's most prestigious road race . it will give runners a place to gather before going for a jog by the charles river, and then shower and change before heading back to work . it is the sixth runbase for adidas 0 the first in the u.s. but it will differ from locations from tokyo to prague .
jessica cleland, 19, took her own life on easter saturday last year . she received facebook messages from two teenage boys she considered friends saying that they hated her, and that she was a 'f***ing sook' her parents are campaigning for anti-bullying laws to be taken more seriously .
zodiac aerospace have revealed their new designs for luxury sleeping areas for cabin crew . each bunk has a personal service unit (psu) offering crew with individual comfort features such as in-flight entertainment and air conditioning . concept was revealed at aircraft interiors expo in hamburg last week .
laura wells has found international success as a size 14 model . she has appeared in cosmopolitan and australian women's weekly . wells has lived and worked with other less curvy models in new york city .
manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather will fight in las vegas on saturday night . most of the tickets for the fight have sold out but some are still on secondary sites . a ticket at ringside will cost you $180,000 -- a knockout price which might have you seeing stars .
chris roberts of one world labs was yanked off his plane after it landed in syracuse, new york, on wednesday night by two fbi agents and two uniformed officers . the fbi took electronic devices and computer files from roberts and confiscated his laptop and thumb drives . roberts was coming to town to speak at aerospace conference .
thomas tuchel will replace jurgen klopp at borussia dortmund in july . klopp announced on wednesday he was leaving the club at the end of the season . tuchel will take over from klopp on a three-year deal . tuchel is currently seeing out the final year of his mainz contract .
rory mcilroy is bidding to complete career grand slam by winning the masters . world no 1 admits he has been ready for augusta for a week already . mcilroy says he is focused on hitting the shots he needs to .
polish man wandered into the london embassy with no memory of who he is . all that he could remember was that he was from the poznan area of poland . all that he could remember was that he has a daughter called lenka . he may have come from denmark within the past few days .
juventus have made a move for palermo striker paulo dybala, according to reports in italy . serie a side have tabled an offer of 25million euros (£18m) for the 21-year-old . dybala has also been linked with a move to manchester united and arsenal .
england wing christian wade did not attend matt hampson foundation event . wasps team-mate andy goode accused wade of having 'bad values' . wade pulled out of the event because of an injury rehabilitation session .
charlie adam scored incredible 66-yard goal against chelsea . stoke midfielder has scored from the halfway line before . in 2009, adam scored a similar effort against accrington stanley .
jack andraka was born in 1997 and grew up in suburban maryland . he was ostracised as a geek and viciously bullied when he came out as gay, aged 13 . deeply depressed, he made an unsuccessful suicide attempt . at summer camp, he met a sympathetic counsellor, and began to channel his grief into the science that would make him a star .
detectives have released a cctv image of a woman they want to trace . the woman collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure that lasted 20 minutes, leaving her in 'great distress' passers-by rushed to comfort her but police believe one person took advantage of the drama, reaching into the woman's handbag and stealing £60 cash .
hayley okines suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages body at eight times the normal rate . progeria involves a mutant protein called progerin that accelerates physical ageing . there are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the uk . a 10 year old progeria child will have the appearance of an octogenarian with symptoms including baldness, arthritis and heart problems .
illinois state associate men's basketball coach torrey ward and deputy athletic director aaron leetch died . the plane was returning from the ncaa final four championship game in indianapolis . "words cannot fully express the grief that is felt in the wake of such a tragedy," university president says .
jimmy white lost 10-8 to matthew selt in qualifying at the crucible . white needed two more wins to reach the main event at the crucible . the 52-year-old lost all six world championship finals he played .
lancashire have signed australia all-rounder james faulkner . faulkner will join up with the county side following his indian premier league commitments . peter siddle will play in the red rose's first four lv= county championship matches before joining the australia squad .
sienna miller s a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first london yoga schools in the seventies . the actress also works with a personal trainer, power-walking and jogging around her local park .
five nursing students tragically died early on wednesday in a chain-reaction crash in southeast georgia . those killed were traveling on interstate 16 near savannah in two passenger vehicles mangled by the crash . the tractor-trailer plowed into an suv, then rolled over a small passenger car that burst into flames . all five of the dead were nursing students at georgia southern university in statesboro, about 30 miles from the crash site .
jason mcdonald, 34, from aurora, colorado, walked the rope over a pool containing more than 50 hungry alligators . mr mcdonald, who volunteers at the colorado gator farm, has been involved with alligators for over ten years . he said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures .
snp leader, 44, looked particularly glamorous in a fuchsia column dress . looked svelte in £179 knee-length 1940’s-style ‘blitz’ dress by totty rocks . miss sturgeon has been praised recently for her sartorial choices .
serena williams beat carla suarez navarro 6-2, 6-0 in the miami open final . world no 1 claimed her eighth title in 14 years at crandon park . williams dedicated the title to her father and paid tribute to suarez navarro .
mohamed diame set to return for hull city's visit to swansea city on saturday . diame has been out for more than four months with a knee injury . hull are currently three points above the premier league drop zone .
the victorian farming federation launched an official complaint to the advertising standards bureau on monday . peta's latest campaign shows vegan guitarist jona weinhofen, holding a severed lamb actually made of foam . the campaign aims to deter people from purchasing wool products . many have taken to social media to voice their disgust at the 'misleading' and 'inaccurate' advertisment .
a woman was allegedly forced into her car by a man at a loveland, colorado, shopping center on thursday before she was later locked inside her trunk . the woman told a dispatcher she was locked in a trunk after an armed man approached her . she told the dispatcher 'i went to get some dinner...and someone came up to me and he had a gun' loveland police said that estes park officers responded and got the woman out, after finding her car keys .
bayern munich lost 3-1 to porto in champions league quarter-final . franz beckenbauer said bayern stars played as if they took sleeping pills . der kaiser criticised defender dante for playing as if he were wearing 'ski boots' .
american teri o'neil, 30, recorded the video when she was six months pregnant with her son liam . she uploads numerous videos to her youtube channel showing the youngsters taking their first steps and of course, imitating her .
charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from insurers after french air-traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month . easyjet told hard-hit passengers to pay £10 fee for confirming cancellation . association of european airlines confirmed no other airline attempted to charge for this and said customers should not be charged .
priest shinjiro kumagai is a 'mild mannered' clergyman at a local buddhist temple . he dresses up as iconic japanese sci-fi tv hero kamen rider 1 . after the days work is done, he patrols the streets on his motorbike .
belle gibson has admitted she never had cancer . the whole pantry founder said she was not seeking forgiveness . gibson's confession was published in the latest edition of the australian women's weekly . the weekly insists it did not pay for her interview .
paris picnics delivers picnic baskets filled with wine, baguettes, cheese and crisps . customers can pick from four picnic options and order online . the service is the brainchild of american couple patrick johnson and katia kroupnik .
bahar mustafa, 27, is equality officer at goldsmiths university in london . posted picture of her pretending to cry in front of a 'no white men' sign . poster refers to a ban on 'cis' or cisgender men, which is opposite of transgender . miss mustafa told white people and men 'not to come' to a 'diversifying the curriculum' meeting .
waitress amanda bailey publicly shamed new zealand prime minister john key for repeatedly pulling her hair while she was at work . the waitress said she 'expected more from him' and wanted 'the public to be aware' mr key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions . ms bailey worked at rosie cafe in auckland frequented by mr key and his wife bronagh .
married father-of-four david nicholson, 48, resigned from costello school in hampshire . he is accused of using his official school email address to contact an escort . mr nicholson allegedly sent the woman explicit messages about spanking her . he has not returned to the school since the correspondence came to light .
paul scholes believes there is not a british manager capable of restoring english clubs to the final stages of the champions league . ryan giggs could lead manchester united into the latter stages if he is given the chance to succeed louis van gaal at old trafford . scholes believes outgoing borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp could end up in the premier league .
ap mccoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at sandown on saturday if he can secure mounts . speculation had been rife that mccoy would end his career after riding in the ap mccoy celebration chase or the feature bet365 gold cup . but there is now a good chance his final mount as a professional jockey will come in the handicap hurdle run at 5.35 .
ibrahim al-douri was the highest-ranking member of saddam hussein's regime to evade capture . he was also a leader in the post-hussein sunni extremist group naqshbandi army .
jon reiter says 17 people have been killed on mount everest . reiter is safe but shaken by the devastation .
jannik andersen, a student at the university of colorado, was hit by the train in the 45000 block of pacific street in indio, california, shortly after 3am on saturday . he was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later . it remains unclear why andersen was on the train tracks instead of at the music festival . mac demarco, a performer at the festival, took to twitter to pay his respects to andersen .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 . the american holds an open workout for the media on tuesday night . the session will be streamed live across the world . click here for all the latest boxing news .
george osborne was virtually scared to leave the safety of his treasury office . only three years ago he felt besieged and intimidated . his nervy demeanour and pallid complexion reflected the sickly economy . in the eyes of critics he was a hate figure – and it was getting to him .
luis suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting italy's giorgio chiellini . uruguay striker's wife sofia says he told her he didn't bite the defender . but after 10 days of being alone he admitted the truth .
magnificent carpets of wild bluebells have sprung up this week, adding beautiful splashes of colour to balmy spring weather . photographs taken in micheldever woods, hampshire, show flowers in full bloom weeks earlier than expected . but fine weather by much of uk is set to be replaced by april showers this weekend, with forecasters warning britons 'not to put the cagoules away just yet' tomorrow is set to be another fine day for many places, although it will be cloudy to start in some central and eastern areas .
andrew hennells posted a message on facebook admitting a robbery . the 31-year-old threatened staff at tesco's in king's lynn, norfolk . minutes later, a member of the public alerted police to a man threatening staff . hennells was arrested in a pub with £410 in stolen cash and a knife . he admitted robbery and carrying a knife as an offence and was jailed for four years .
the eiffel tower has been closed after workers walked out in support of the unions strike against the government's austerity measures . the strike follows action by french air traffic controllers which involved a two-day walkout starting yesterday . unions said they expected tens of thousands of marchers to join the main rally in paris by the end of the day .
punk fashion took to the runway at mercedes benz fashion week australia . phoenix keating, alice mccall, zhivago and khim hangall embraced a raw, punk style . khim hang, 22, displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers .
abou diaby's contract at arsenal expires at the end of the season . the french midfielder has made just 22 appearances in four seasons . arsene wenger has hinted he could offer diaby a new contract . the gunners will allow the 28-year-old to use the club's state-of-the-art training facilities at their london colney hq .
saudi airstrikes hit a school, injuring at least a half dozen students, officials say . the school was not the main target, the officials say .
daisy, 26, shows off flawless skin and razor-sharp cheekbones . models leather jacket and skinny black jeans in new shoot for rodial . was chosen by brand thanks to her 'cool and quintessentially british edge'
a virulent strain of bird flu continues to hammer the midwest and the virus recently took its biggest toll yet after it hit a farm in iowa that held nearly 10 percent of the state's egg-laying chickens . the u.s. department of agriculture said monday that the h5n2 bird flu virus had been found at a farm in northwest iowa's osceola county - prompting a massive bird cull . the virus kills commercial poultry quickly once it gets into a barn .
a 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck nepal around midday on saturday . a witness says he saw people in his neighborhood sheltering in a makeshift tent .
detective patrick cherry was stripped of his shield and gun following the outburst which was viewed more than three million times on youtube . he appeared on nbc 4 new york on friday night to react to the mass outcry . cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the joint terrorism task force .
the incident happened last saturday in nanchang, the provincial capital of jiangxi in southeastern china . according to his father, the boy most likely fell while sleepwalking .
fashion targets breast cancer has cast plus-size models in its new campaign . the charity founded by ralph lauren in 1994 has cast plus-size models . this year's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for worthwhile cause . first leg of campaign starred abbey clancy, 29, and alice dellal, 27, singer foxes, 25, and victoria's secret angel lily donaldson, 28 .
raheem sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with liverpool . chelsea boss jose mourinho has fanned the flames of sterling's contract stand-off with the reds . mourinho insists he would sell any player who did not want to leave his club .
california gov. jerry brown ordered mandatory restrictions on water use for the first time in the state's history . john sutter: california is leading the way in recognizing that population and economic growth must respect the physical limits imposed by planet earth .
president obama took part in a roundtable discussion on climate change this week . he credits the clean air act with making americans "a lot" healthier .
gabrielle yinka saunders, 32, used company credit cards to pay for £10,000 wedding and £5,000 honeymoon in the seychelles . she started a £40,000-a-year job as a personal assistant in june last year . but she embezzled £17,000 using colleagues' credit cards - including £600 for flowers, £270 on a watch, £210 on a new outfit and £400 for a mobile phone . old bailey heard she had been convicted of fraud twice before .
15 men arrested on suspicion of 'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' last week 12 christians from ghana and nigeria were allegedly thrown off a rubber dinghy into the mediterranean sea . survivors claim the men tried to throw other christians off the side of the vessel after an argument about religion . but they were prevented because they huddled together to create a human chain .
natalie fletcher's '100 bodies across america' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots, forests and ruins . each work takes between 45 minutes and three hours to complete, with her subjects wearing only underwear .
liverpool lost 1-0 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley . steven gerrard hoped to end his liverpool career at wembley . but now the curtain will fall on gerrard at stoke city .
linda hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $3.5 million a year after she divorced the wwe hall of famer in 2009 . villa di montagna enjoys stunning 360-degree views of the golf course, surrounding mountains and the valley . built in 2005, the tuscan-style mansion has five bedrooms and 5.5 bathrooms .
lib dem leader lists reasons why different groups of supporters are 'p***** off' he says all those reasons were more important than any policy decisions . clegg blamed protest voters who deserted the party after it entered coalition . he also blamed the fact the lib dems had entered into coalition with one of the major parties .
tens of thousands of people flocked to pope francis' good friday torchlight procession at the colosseum in rome . the pontiff washed the feet of 12 inmates and a baby at rome's main prison in a pre-easter ritual meant to show his willingness to serve . good friday is not a government holiday in the united states but various states observe it as one .
manny pacquiao takes on floyd mayweather on may 2 in las vegas . ricky hatton says pacquiao has the style to beat mayweather . hatton also believes freddie roach's presence gives pacquiao an edge .
in colorado, at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil . washington's legal marijuana law in 2012 did not permit the production of hash or even edibles at home . federal prosecutors in seattle have brought charges in five cases where hash oil operations blew up .
sam allardyce has told co-owner david sullivan not to judge his side on 2015's results . west ham have picked up just 11 points in the premier league this season . allardyce has enner valencia available for selection against stoke city .
a set of 500 limited edition copies of kim kardashian's self-published book selfish sold out less than a minute after going on sale . the limited edition copies were signed by the 34-year-old reality star and retailed for $60 each .
brisbane designer wade lange is raking in millions on the back of the new marvels movie, the avengers: age of ultron . there are almost 50 types of garments to choose from, ranging in price from $45 to $100 . the company's website crashed due to the demand from around the world . industry insiders suggest the coup by the queensland clothes-horse last year to win the lucrative marvels contract, will be worth tens of millions .
lz granderson: hillary clinton's announcement of equal pay day has special meaning . he says the 77-cent wage gap statistic is grossly overstated .
trinity culley watched one born every minute in her bedroom against her parents' wishes . but when her mother's waters broke two weeks early she sprang into action . trinity collected towels and reassured her mum everything would be okay . within minutes she had delivered her sister, jasmin elizabeth-rose .
a 30-year-old darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number to pose as a nurse . he was charged on saturday with one count of fraud . health authorities are now sifting through hospital patient records . they hope to identify which patients the man interacted with and what drugs may have been administered . the matter was referred to the queensland police service, the crime and misconduct commission and the health ombudsman .
cleveland forward kevin love dislocated his left shoulder during the first quarter of the nba playoffs against the boston celtics on sunday . love and boston's kelly olynyk chased a loose ball into the left corner after jae crowder missed a 3-pointer . olynyk's right arm became entangled with love's left arm . love grabbed his arm and kept running toward the bench before going to the locker room, where he iced his shoulder . love said
saudi airstrikes in yemen likely have nothing to do with protecting constitutions and elections . saudi goal is simple: prevent rise of any popularly supported government in region .
a rescue sato named bonnie is so afraid that she will be abandoned again that she can't bear to eat alone . in an adorable video posted to youtube, puppy bonnie lifts her dish to bring it over to her canine friend clyde who is also scarfing down a meal .
hull bounced back from thursday's derby defeat to hull kr to snatch a shock 28-20 victory at langtree park . a long-distance jamie shaul try was enough to seal a win that shocked st helens . hull were in the wars again last week, losing to rivals wigan .
gloucester face a rugby football union hearing after selecting mariano galarza for their league game against sale sharks . the rfu has said galarza should have been ineligible for the match . the case will be heard by an independent panel of jeremy summers, bonike erinle and robert horner on monday, april 27 .
richie benaud was to be farewelled at a private family funeral in sydney . the cricketing legend was to be laid to rest by a group of just twelve people . his wife, daphne, had kept the details of where and when his funeral service would be held so under wraps that even immediate family members said they didn't know the location . prime minister tony abbott offered to hold a state funeral, which mrs benaud politely declined .
ernest goult, 72, will stand trial for allegedly making a racist gesture . blackburn players markus olsson, rudy gestede and lee williamson are expected to give evidence at the trial . goult was granted unconditional bail and the case will return to the magistrates' court in june .
dr mohammad ali jawad, 56, allegedly molested patient after getting drunk . he allegedly dimmed lights, shut blinds and asked her to dance to julio iglesias . he then massaged her neck and touched her breasts, a medical tribunal heard . dr jawad is eminent plastic surgeon who treated acid attack victim katie piper .
there were hundreds of items up for grabs at the two-day auction, which came to an end on wednesday . among the most valuable items purchased during the auction were a hand-colored etching by naturalist john james audubon american white pelican, which fetched $173,000 . buyers also snapped up albert edward york's oil paintings landscape with trees and a country fence together for $161,000 .
ile lou ⁇ t is perched in the midst of morlaix bay in brittany, france, and provides the perfect secluded retreat . groups of up to 10 guests can enjoy stunning ocean views on the quaint plot for the mere price of €200 (£145) for two nights . the lighthouse was used manually from 1857 to the 1960s and the island was inhabited until this point by the guiders .
jordan meikle was filmed approaching the spectator’s barriers at the 26-mile course near canary wharf by his girlfriend’s father mark harris . while stretching the 23-year-old gets down on one knee and suddenly produces a ring from behind his back . he then presents kayleigh with her ring and seals the deal with a kiss and a cuddle .
trevor duffy, 19, of the bronx died after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by zeta beta tau members at an off-campus home . court papers filed by two students who were expelled from the university at albany after duffy's death in november . the university's investigation concluded duffy's death was the result of hazing .
shadow chancellor repeatedly refuses to rule out trying to balance books . number of people paying 40p tax has risen from 2m to 5m in two decades . but the tories have promised to lift the threshold if they are returned to power . labour has vowed not to increase vat or national insurance as part of measures to bring down the deficit if they win the election .
offences, which ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child to rape, happened in cars, woods or at defendants' homes in banbury . men lured victims to parties organised on social media and began sexually abusing them . victims, aged between 13 and 16, were targeted by the gang at under-18s parties organised by ahmed hassan-sule, 21, known as 'fiddy'
euan ritchie and jen martin's crowdfunding page received a baffling pledge for over $2 billion . the couple decided to make the page after indigenous tribes told them kangaroos from the northern territory were disappearing at an alarming rate . pozible cancelled the payment because it was deemed suspicious, cancelling the account of jeffrey green . the website has since attempted to track down the mystery pledger but to no avail .
fc tokyo president naoki ogane claims chelsea have made an offer for yoshinori muto . muto will join vitesse arnhem on loan next season if he joins chelsea . the 22-year-old graduated from keio university in tokyo with an economics degree two weeks ago .
daniela d'addario, 35, was found dead in the boot of her hyundai on wednesday . a 27-year-old man has been charged with her murder . he was extradited from nsw to the act on friday . daniela was in a 'very tumultuous relationship' with josaia vosikata, 27 .
david edwards scored 88th-minute winner for wolves against leeds . kenny jackett's side move into sixth place in the championship . benik afobe scored wolves' third goal of the afternoon .
anna james, 32, has vowed to defy the school's ban on taking her children to the 'obby 'oss celebrations' the may 1 celebration is a centuries' old tradition, involving music and dancing through the streets . mrs james claims the rituals are part of her 'religion, culture and heritage'
nyia parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in montgomery county, maryland overnight saturday on charges including aggravated assault, simple assault and neglect of a care-dependent person . police say she traveled to maryland from pennsylvania either last sunday or monday after leaving her 21-year-old wheelchair-bound son in a wooded park . the son, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, was found on friday night lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket and a
the world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more 'grid girls' before races . the move is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport . toyota's world champion anthony davidson said it was about time things changed .
digital formats have caught up with physical music sales for the first time . overall global sales of $14.97 billion fell marginally from 2013 . the year's top-selling album - the 'frozen' soundtrack - sold 10 million copies . pharrell williams' 'happy' was the top single, selling 13.9 million copies .
karen davis from port pirie has caused controversy after a picture appeared on google maps street view showing her bearing her size-k breasts . police allege the 38-year-old 'pursued' the google car to make sure she was captured exposing herself . ms davis will be summonsed to appear in the port pirie magistrates court at a date to be determined .
stuart mccall has restored a buoyancy to rangers after three wins . the former motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season, with a brief to try to rekindle their promotion push . mccall is adamant he doesn’t expect any meaningful talks with the ibrox board until after the play-offs .
sales of uk goods to the rest of the world are surging ahead of those to eu . first time since records began such sales have outstripped those to eu . vindicates david cameron's 'mercantile' foreign policy, leading missions . but total sales of british goods overseas have fallen to the lowest level for nearly five years amid warnings that strong pound and weak eurozone are acting like a 'straitjacket' on exporters .
raheem sterling will escape a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide . sterling will be reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking the legal high . this is the second time sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days . sterling enraged liverpool after saying he was 'flattered' to be linked with arsenal .
james lockwood has been given a two-year ban by uk anti-doping . the 29-year-old failed a test for growth hormone releasing factors . lockwood has spent the last three seasons with featherstone .
the wicked waffle in north end, portsmouth, has four 7-inch wide waffles, 12 scoops of thick ice-cream, four flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream . the sickly sweet dessert contains an astonishing 5,000 calories . for customers who can clear their plate within 45 minutes, with no toilet breaks, they are awarded the meal for free .
muhammadu buhari says he'll "rapidly give attention" to curbing violence . he says he'll cooperate with neighboring nations chad, cameroon and niger .
christianne shepherd, seven, and her brother bobby, six, died from carbon monoxide poisoning during a holiday in corfu in 2006 . their father neil shepherd and his partner ruth beatson fell into a coma and were close to death when they were found the next morning by a maid . mrs wood, 44, sat in silence as details of her children's final hours were outlined at wakefield coroner's court .
ukip figures insist party would carry on if nigel farage failed to become mp . mr farage has vowed he would stand down as leader if he fails to win seat . private poll put conservatives on course to retain the seat by small margin . but diane james, an mep, insisted the show would go on without him .
jj abrams-directed star wars: episode vii - the force awakens is expected to rake in a global $500m on its opening weekend . that's more than the $483m record set by the final harry potter film - harry potter and the deathly hallows – part 2 - in 2011 . already disney and lucasfilm are working overtime to drum up interest in the scifi extravaganzat .
barcelona beat almeria 4-0 in la liga on wednesday evening . lionel messi and luis suarez scored the goals at the ciutat esportiva . thomas vermaelen is back in training after a lengthy spell on the sidelines .
brendan rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four . liverpool have lost ground in the race for the champions league places . reds host blackburn in a replay at ewood park on wednesday night .
brittany lincicome beat stacy lewis in a play-off to win the california tournament . lincicome carded a brilliant eagle on the 18th to record a closing 69 . the 29-year-old moved level with lewis on nine under par .
tim sherwood is a passionate man but he can’t afford to let things get personal . he did a good job at tottenham but was not trusted with the job long-term . villa were lacking confidence all season and it looked like they lacked the ambition to win games . sherwood has set the emotional bar high but it’s working .
yaya toure is a target for serie a giants inter milan . the 31-year-old will be offered a new contract at the end of the season . toure scored in manchester city's 2-1 defeat by crystal palace .
nedum onuoha is one of several players poised to leave hull city . hull are also interested in everton and west ham united . qpr have held talks over a move for catania defender nicolas spolli .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 . the weigh-in will be held at the mgm grand garden arena . tickets will cost £6.60 and go on sale on friday at 8pm . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
barney frank was the first member of congress to marry someone of the same-sex while in office . lz granderson says frank joked about a proposal to legalize killing gay people in california .
teenager from henan province in central china has 400,000 followers on weibo . she is said to have undergone surgery to win over an ex-boyfriend . she is also known as 'snake spirit' because of her pale skin .
ricky woolaston, 35, dressed in uniform bearing university of birmingham logo . posed as maintenance engineer to gain access to students' properties . he then pinched laptops and mobile phones to feed his drug habit . but he was caught after leaving a bag containing a police charge sheet . woolaston was sentenced to four years in prison at birmingham crown court .
gwyneth is well-known for her saintly approach to food and exercise . at 42 she has the figure of a woman half her age . a whole host of women are looking better in their fifth decade than ever .
lewis hamilton enjoyed a jet surf session after winning the bahrain grand prix . jenson button has been training for the london marathon with his wife . button revealed he will be running for cancer research uk in january .
femail writer deni kirkova, 24, visited six prets across london . she wore no make-up, no make-up and wore a plain top and jeans . she then went to high street kensington to find out if she could get a free coffee .
ian merrett, 28, whistled at poppy smart, 23, every day for a month for a month . she compared the wolf-whistling to racial discrimination and filmed them . he said: 'i have wolf-whistled so many girls and got so many birds' but he added: 'i've got a girlfriend so need to be careful what i say' .
bristol city will become first club to win promotion this season if they beat bradford on tuesday night . league one leaders came away from second-placed preston north end unscathed . aaron wilbraham equalised for the league one leaders .
kim ki-jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction . he is accused of stabbing u.s. ambassador mark lippert in seoul last month .
vivienne garton's west highland terrier ben was snatched from her garden . the 65-year-old put posters up near her home in knowle west, bristol . shortly after she received a call from an anonymous man threatening to cut him up unless she paid £500 . mrs garton says a number of her posters have now been ripped down .
in november 1942, the unguarded ss city of cairo was sunk by a german u-boat . the sinking was the stuff of legend . deep ocean search went looking for it in 2011 .
sunderland winger adam johnson, 27, charged with four offences . he is accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 . also accused of one of grooming .
gemma flanagan, 31, from liverpool, was struck down by guillain barre syndrome . she assumed partying in heels during a stopover was the cause of her pain . but for seven months her family watched on as the illness took hold . gemma spent seven months in a specialist rehabilitation unit in merseyside . she learned to talk, write and even partly walk again . today she is taking part in a show called 'the beauty within' by models of diversity at london's olympia .
chelsea bruck, 22, was last seen in frenchtown township, michigan, on october 26 . she was dressed as poison ivy at the party and was wearing a leaf-covered top and a dark purple wig . her body wasn't clothed when workers found it while trying to free a dump truck from soggy soil . monroe county sheriff dale malone said evidence collected at the scene indicated the death was a homicide, although a cause of death remains inconclusive .
yaakov naumi, 32, was raised in the israeli town of bnei brak and educated in an ultra orthodox school . he admitted that some of the rituals, when viewed with the eyes of an outsider, 'look strange' naumi's photographs include a man lying in a grave to prolong his life, a chicken being walked on a piece of string and men tying a rope to a bride .
uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against the georgian football federation . fans invaded the pitch twice during georgia's 2-0 defeat by germany . safety breaches, including blocked stairs and a lack of body searches by staff at the boris paichadze stadium, will also be investigated .
jurgen klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . arsenal defender per mertesacker says klopp would be a good manager . mertesacker says klopp has proved he is top-level and can teach a lot .
waheed ahmed, 21, is the son of rochdale labour councillor shakil ahmed . he was arrested at birmingham airport with eight of his relatives on april 1 . they were stopped on the turkish border in the town of reyhanli, syria . a 30-year-old man was also arrested at manchester airport on monday . police confirmed six people - including waheed - have been released without charge .
uno, a three-week old kitten, and louie, a full-grown dog, were together . the pair were pictured snuggling together at home in spokane, washington . the family recently adopted uno, who settles down between his legs .
south american duo radamel falcao and sergio aguero feature in a promotional video for sponsors puma . falcao and aguero battle it out in a cage style match as they gear up for sunday's manchester derby at old trafford . falcao scores an equaliser to see the match end on a cliffhanger at 2-2 .
her majesty was joined by prince philip and princess alexandra at the reception in trafalgar square, central london . the queen looked elegant in a long blue jacket which she wore over a cream and blue floral dress . during the commemorations, the monarch posed for a photograph with the calgary highlanders - who were all dressed in kilts . prince philip sat for a portrait with the royal hamilton light infantry .
state pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week, child benefit doubled, tuition fees would be scrapped and train fares cut by 10% . manifesto also revealed host of left-field pledges - including a 'complete ban' on cages for hens and rabbits, an end to whips in horse racing and mandatory 'equality and diversity lessons' at school .
forget fancy sheets and down-filled duvets, the perfect pillow is the key to a good night’s sleep . on average, we rest our heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours — or the equivalent of more than 100 days and nights per year . but which is a pain in the neck and which is a dream come true?
whistleblower tony brookes said money was diverted away from protecting children from rape, trafficking and beatings . offences considered crucial for satisfying target culture introduced by labour . now it has emerged same targets were linked to performance-related pay for top officers at south yorkshire police .
jack grealish has been linked with a move to england . the 19-year-old has played for the republic of ireland's youth teams . grealish could end up playing for ireland against england in june . but he could switch allegiance to play for the three lions afterwards .
jeff and joey stallings were hooked to ventilators in hospital beds . brothers, both in their twenties, fell seriously ill after smoking synthetic marijuana . they collapsed after suffering hallucinations, vomiting, night sweats and shaking . were hospitalized on april 6, within hours of each other, and put on life support . fortunately, brothers rallied against effects, and were able to return home . however, they are now facing serious - and in jeff's case, permanent - medical issues .
jade and ross morley have welcomed three-week-old twins into their family . their son floyd-henry has achondroplasia dwarfism, a rare form of dwarfism . he was diagnosed with the condition when he was five months old . his parents were shocked when they learned he had a rare form of dwarfism . they made the decision to celebrate floyd-henry instead of pitying him .
a professor at texas a&m galveston said his students were a disgrace . irwin horwitz said he would fail the entire class .
carolyn ross was facing a dilemma over how to transport $30,000 worth of meth . when cops sliced open the bunny they found two condoms filled with the drugs . the pound of meth has a street value of around $30,000 .
the california firm said it will announce a 'home battery' and a 'very large utility scale battery' in a letter sent to investors . while products such as this already exist, founder elon musk thinks they 'suck', according to tesla's investor relations director . the event will be held at tesla's hawthorne, california, design studio on april 30 at 8pm .
a defense petition to return 14-year-old jamie silvonek to the juvenile facility where she was initially sent after the body of cheryl silvonek was discovered last month was denied friday . jamie silvonek was sent to the county jail this month after she was charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy . her boyfriend, caleb barnes, 20, who is from el paso, texas, but was stationed at fort meade, maryland, is charged with homicide .
the eco experts has created maps plotting which countries have the most threatened mammals . they used the world bank's world development indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures . madagascar is second, with 114 endangered mammals, while mexico sits in third with 101 .
felipe anderson set up lazio's winner against napoli on wednesday . the brazilian midfielder has attracted interest from psg, manchester city, liverpool and arsenal . gonzalo higuain is unsettled at napoli with coach rafa benitez poised to leave .
raheem sterling and theo walcott are in contract negotiations with their clubs . sterling has been one of liverpool's best players this season . walcott has struggled for game time after returning from a knee injury .
gang used umbrellas to confuse staff as they raided 13 shops . stole £145,000 from supermarkets, convenience stores and electrical shops . threatened workers with hammers, knives, golf clubs and screwdrivers . also stole £2,000 worth of cigarettes and cars valued at £30,000 in the process . gang jailed for more than 27 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to rob .
tottenham hotspur plan to open a new 'world-class' 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years time . the north london club's neighbours, archway sheet metal works, fought a long court battle with tottenham over the development . but having failed with an appeal earlier this year, their premises are beginning to be demolished .
shadow chancellor accused of treating public with 'contempt' over note . liam byrne left handwritten note to his successor as treasury secretary . it said: 'dear chief secretary, i'm afraid there is no money. kind regards – and good luck! liam' note has become emblematic of labour's fiscal irresponsibility in office .
twenty-year-old sharista giles of sweetwater, tennessee, went into a coma in december after a car accident . her injuries were so bad doctors believed she would never recover . in january doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a little boy the family has named leighton isiah giles . though giles was given a two-per cent chance of recovering, moser was confident her daughter would wake up .
labial reduction procedures - surgery to reduce the size of the inner ‘lips’ of the vagina - have risen five-fold in the past 10 years . more than 2,000 labia operations were performed on the nhs in 2010 . the trend is reflected in australia where procedures have more than doubled in the same time period .
ashley doody was found acting aggressively and exhibiting unpredictable behavior at a home in perham, maine on sunday . she allegedly attacked her mixed-breed dog, trixie . the dog lost a lot of blood but was taken to a veterinarian and is expected to survive - while doody is in jail on $1,000 bail .
the catwalk was part of the central china stage of the annual miss bikini of the universe contest, which has been running since 2005 . the footpath along the side of the luanchuan laojun mountain in henan province, central china, is only one-metre wide .
police charged 34-year-old paul johnson-yarosevich of acton, maine, on monday with prohibited use of computer . the investigation started in december after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact . police determined the girl thought she had been communicating via social media with another female student around her age . authorities soon learned that the girl was sending the photos to a grown man .
five afghan men were found hiding in a refrigerated lorry in gloucestershire . believed to have climbed into the truck in belgium before crossing the channel . police sniffer dogs were used to find them after officers opened the doors . around 200 people were thought to have been living in a sports hall . but they were told to move on or face arrest by french authorities .
ronald reagan met mikhail gorbachev for the first time in geneva in 1985 . he asked the soviet leader for support in the event of an alien invasion . the warning was revealed in a book about ufos by dr david clarke . reagan is believed to have become an avid science fiction fan while working in hollywood as a b movie actor .
roseanne barr, 62, has macular degeneration and glaucoma . the two eye diseases get worse over time and can steal vision .
in all 1,177 barrio 18 members were transferred from izalco jail to san francisco gotera . in a potentially incendiary move, barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the hyper-violent mara salvatrucha gang, or m13 . they will all be classified not by their gang affiliation, but by how dangerous they are .
margaret tyler, 71, has been collecting royal memorabilia for more than 40 years . the mother-of-four's collection now fills four whole rooms in her terraced home . she says she has no plans to stop collecting and describes it as 'a labour of love'
george clooney married amal alamuddin at the belmond hotel cipriani on the island of giudecca . the couple stayed at some of venice's most exclusive hotels over the course of their wedding weekend . venice plays host to the biennale art festival, an exhibition where over 88 countries showcase their best works of art .
new sections of the great wall have been found in gansu province and ningxia . archaeologists say the 6.2 mile-stretch means the full range of the qin dynasty great wall can be traced for the first time .
queen letizia, 42, showed off sharply defined back at madrid casino . she also unveiled a new bob haircut at woman awards held at madrid casino . with her was actress salma hayek, 48, who was there to receive an award . letizia was taking a break from preparations for cannes film festival .
exposure to toxic mould can cause mood swings, irrational anger and cognitive impairment, among other problems . 'ghosts' tend to be sighted in old buildings, which are often more likely to have damp and mould problems . toxic mould spores have been linked with mood swings, hyperactivity, and irrational anger, as well as cognitive impairment .
nic newling, 28, struggled through confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18 . he moved between doctors and psychiatric wards and was fed various concoctions of prescriptive medication before finally being diagnosed . his brother, christopher, killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses, which helped put his life back into perspective . now, nic is using his story of loss and confusion to raise awareness of mental illness .
health minister dan poulter's weight fell from 105kg to 102.5kg . lib dem tom brake and labour frontbencher gavin shuker imposed strict cuts . each was given strict orders to eat more healthily and do more exercise .
michael brelo, 31, is charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of timothy russell, 43, and malissa williams, 30 . he is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting . brelo's footprints were also found on the hood of the beat-up chevy malibu where russell, 43,
j lo's versace gown captivated the world 15 years ago . it caught the attention of google executive, eric schmidt . schmidt revealed that the dress was his inspiration for creating google images .
kevin pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, brady, before turning the gun on himself in their florida home last week . he then shot his 16-year-old older brother, trevor, in the leg . the boys were laid to rest in a joint funeral on thursday .
detailed constituency surveys suggest labour faces unprecedented wipeout . jim murphy, its scottish leader, and douglas alexander on course to lose seats . nationalists also on course to wipe out the liberal democrats in scotland . survey suggests labour could lose all 41 seats it won in 2010 .
the £80,000 porsche 911 carrera was crushed by a builder's lorry in nottingham . both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured nearby . one onlooker said: 'the bloke looked absolutely distraught. it was obviously his pride and joy. you've got to feel for the man, it was a really nice car. you would be gutted if you were him'
two-up is legal on anzac day across returned servicemen league clubs (rsl) and pubs . the game dates back to australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s . on saturday as aussies commemorated the centenary of the landing at gallipoli, thousands of men and women took their chances with the coin game . while the game is considered a form of gambling and is illegal at all other times, two-up is allowed on anzac day across pubs .
a man, 29, tore a tendon in his thumb after playing candy crush saga . he had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks as he had just left the military and was in between jobs . doctors who treated him said his case shows video games can numb people’s pain and this might be why some people play them excessively . candy crush saga involves swiping rows of brightly coloured sweets in order to line up three matching ones and earn points .
susan monica, a 66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern oregon, went on trial on tuesday in medford . she has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch in jackson county, oregon, and dismembering their bodies . both victims were shot in the head and dismembered in what prosecutors allege were separate murders committed more than a year apart .
radamel falcao has scored four goals for manchester united this season . the colombian striker has scored three goals in two games for his country . falcao has admitted to being upset by his lack of game time at old trafford . he picked up his £100,000 porsche panamera from a waitrose car park .
abubaker deghayes, 46, has left his brighton home in an attempt to rescue his son . amer, 21, is fighting for the group jabhat al-nusra, a group affiliated with al-qaeda . he was killed fighting syrian government forces in two separate incidents . mr deghayes insists he has not 'run away' to join the fight in syria .
defense says aaron hernandez had no reason to kill odin lloyd . jury deliberations resume wednesday in hernandez trial . prosecution says hernandez disrespected lloyd .
kevin coulton, 16, stuck his mouth in the rim of a glass to achieve pout . but he was left with bruising around his lips and chin for three days . he is now warning classmates not to take part in the kylie jenner challenge . craze was sparked after jenner, 17, told fans how she used lip liner .
the yeatman has been open for just five years, developing a reputation as a haven for wine lovers . the five-star hotel is built into a hill, providing sweeping views of porto and the douro river . the bacchus suite boasts a high-vaulted wooden ceiling, copper jacuzzi, fireplace and rotating bed .
jack grealish played gaelic football at croke park between the ages of 10 and 14 . the 19-year-old was clobbered by two fouls against liverpool in the fa cup semi-final win at wembley on sunday . grealish wears his socks around his ankles but is not prone to kicks .
wayne rooney has revealed he is developing his own style of captaincy to lead manchester united this season . the united captain has played alongside leaders steven gerrard and john terry for the national side . rooney says he didn't hesitate to tell his team-mates what he thinks .
the thames bath lido, which will sit near blackfriars bridge, should open in two years . the plans have moved quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the thames for swimmers . david walliams has said if the water is clean enough he will be the first to jump in .
italian model ambra battilana, 22, claims hollywood producer harvey weinstein, 63, groped her during a 'business meeting' at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night . weinstein has spoken to police and denied the accusations . but a recorded conversation between him and battilana shows he did not deny the incident .
hud estimates 7.7 million low-income households live in substandard housing, spend more than half their incomes on rent or both . john sutter: the nation is in the midst of an affordable housing crisis .
feral rabbits, which are deemed a pest in nsw, are targeted with the calicivirus, also known as rabbit haemorrhagic disease (rhd), in may . it comes after over 30 government bodies scattered carrots laced with rhd around public areas in march . the rabbits compete with native wildlife for food and habitat and are believed to cause millions of dollars of damage each year .
jayla currie from berne, indiana, is a part of the wee ones nursery program at the indiana women’s prison . the program allows mothers to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences . 23-year-old jayla’s case that means a 10 month sentence for drug charges .
officer michael rapiejko was with the new york police department from 2003 to 2006 . he faced an excessive force lawsuit in new york in 2005 .
cambridge united chairman dave doggett has warned of a new breed of hooliganism in the sport . he believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals . violence at matches has increased recently as the older men return to watching their team play in their retirement . mr doggett fears there is a danger that they will try to encourage younger fans to join their 'gangs'
ashley manzie unearthed a medal belonging to frederick george biddulph, who served with the 23rd australian infantry battalion at gallipolli between 1914 and 1915 . mr manzie posted photos of the medal to an online fossicking forum, which led him to biddulph's great-nephew stephen norton . mr norton recently discovered that frederick had actually died nine years before 'bunny' in new zealand .
seraphine has seen sales double in two years since duchess of cambridge wore one of its outfits . among the most popular was a £195 mist-blue collarless cashmere coat with faux pearl buttons . veteran royal supporter john loughrey, 60, from wandsworth, south west london, has been there since april 1 .
"lost river" is ryan gosling's first feature as director . the film is set in decaying detroit . gosling says the city was at the heart of the project .
nico rosberg and lewis hamilton visited mercedes' brackley base on thursday . mercedes team-mates were beaten by ferrari driver sebastian vettel at malaysian grand prix on march 29 . vettel finished 8.5 seconds ahead of hamilton and 12.5 seconds ahead of rosberg .
the eight-page handout, entitled islam/radical islam (did you know), included references to terrorism and beheadings . authorities haven't yet released the name of the teacher at foster high school in richmond or what discipline he faces . the handout also mentioned sharia law, jihad, and had a section entitled; 'if taken hostage by radical islamists, what to do'
mateo musacchio fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle against getafe . the argentinian defender underwent successful surgery hours later . santi cazorla tweeted: 'a lot of best wishes to my friend mateo, i hope it's not too serious. wishing you all the strength in the world to mateo!!!' villarreal's luciano vietto also tweeted: 'we share your pain and sadness, we will be supporting you all the way'
jiang min says she has run out of money for baby mengyu's surgery . doctors recommend corrective surgery between the ages of four and six months . but she is now six-and-a-half months old and her hands are festering . family's plight has attracted the attention of local media in binzhou city . they have cruelly compared mengyu's webbed hands and feet to 'pigs' trotters'
transport workers' union secretary tony sheldon condemned request . accused aldi of trying to 'turn the clocks back on our modern society' . supermarket chain requested the ability to force employees to work more than 38 hours a week in a submission to the workplace relations productivity commission .
the disgraced espn reporter was behind the mic covering the nhl stanley cup playoff game between the new york islanders and washington capitals . she was suspended for a week after footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm . ahead of her return to work, she tweeted: 'back to work. excited to be covering caps-isles today. now that the suspension is over, i want to say again that i'm so sorry for my recent hurtful actions'
mick schumacher will make his debut in the adac formula 4 series . the 16-year-old follows in the footsteps of his father, michael, who won a record 91 races in formula 1 . schumacher jnr is part of the van amersfoort racing team competing in the 2015 adac formula 4 series .
richie benaud died at the age of 84 after a long illness . shane warne paid tribute to his mentor on instagram . benaud took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 tests .
amanda oleander, 25, is one of the stars of twitter's new live broadcasting platform . branded the kim kardashian of the social platform, she has been 'loved' over 7.5million times in less than a month .
ashley and mary-kate olsen are two of the most famous twins in the world . they share facial characteristics and body shape, but also share virtually identical dna . joel and benji madden are twins born from a single fertilised egg . mary-kate and ashley are identical twins born from a single fertilised egg .
clinton cash, due to be published may 5th by harpercollins . author peter schweizer claims there is a clear trend of money flowing into the clinton foundation and rewards emerging for donors . clinton cash lists examples of the pattern including a free trade agreement in colombia that benefited a donor with industrial interests there .
jared milrad and nate johnson, from chicago, illinois, were featured in hillary clinton's video announcing her 2016 bid for the white house . milrad's voice is heard in a voiceover saying: 'i’m getting married this summer to someone i really care about' the couple will get married in a chicago park in july and have their reception at a lgbt community center .
eitan urman and his wife ronit were invited to drop the puck before the arizona coyotes game against the anaheim ducks on saturday . but when it was announced a special guest would bring out the puck, the couple turned around to see their son dan walking down the red carpet on the ice . when they embrace, eitan lifts dan off the ground and the pair fall to the ice, causing both to tumble over while still hugging .
stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the tories . just under 9% under labour and just over 9 per cent under current coalition . figures are further boost for david cameron and george osborne .
linda mclean was in her classroom at pine eagle charter school in halfway, oregon when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun, lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger . the 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her 'preparedness' or that the gun was loaded with blanks . 'she wondered if she was really shot and was going to die,' reads the lawsuit .
patissier eric lanlard has been teaching tamara how to cook . he once refused to bake a cake for naomi campbell . tamara has learned how to make her own chocolate soufflé .
model and chef chrissy teigen posted a picture of her stretch marks to instagram . hundreds of other women have taken to the social media site to share images . chrissy said she had 'bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week'
all three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the nhs should be free at the point of use . introduction of prescription charges prompted nhs founder nye bevan to resign from clement attlee’s government in april 1951 .
brianne altice, 35, was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor . in mid-march, one of the alleged victims brought a $647,000 lawsuit against the utah school district accusing officials of negligence . the lawsuit describes how altice began flirting with the student, then 16, and other boys in her class . court documents detail how at times, the students skipped other classes and spent entire days with altice, sent her text messages and made explicit
malala yousafzai releases an open letter to nigerian schoolgirls . "like you, i was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school," she writes .
christopher bailey was named burberry's ceo in october 2013 . the yorkshire-born designer joined the label as creative director in 2001 . he took up the role in mid-2014 when current ceo angela ahrendts left apple . over 700 guests and models gathered at griffith observatory in los angeles .
omar hallak, principal of islamic school al-taqwa college in melbourne, reportedly bans his female students from running . former teachers claim he was discriminating against female students . the victorian registration and qualifications authority is currently investigating the allegations . mr hallak told students at his school that islamic state was not 'created' by muslims, but was a plot against them by the west .
dr unt tun maung, 43, fondled vulnerable teen's breasts during routine appointment . he asked the teen to remove her bra before cupping and squeezing her breasts . the father-of-one had spent 12 years working in the nhs, court heard . he has now lost everything because of a 'moment of madness', his lawyer said .
indonesian court rejects bid by australian drug smugglers to challenge planned executions . andrew chan and myuran sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on indonesia's "execution island" australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair .
fluminense have sold kenedy's economic rights to giuliano bertolucci's agency . kenedy has played for brazil at under 17 and under 20 level . chelsea are favourites to complete the signing of the 19-year-old .
the cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities on the psychedelic cover of the 1967 album . in total more than 60 celebrities appear on the famous cover including the fab four themselves . the album cover was the brainchild of artists peter blake and jann haworth and photographer michael cooper . john lennon had wanted models of jesus and adolf hitler to be included but his requests were denied .
tony blair has been dragged into a bitter row in mongolia over plans for gold mining in a region where the graves of attila the hun's warrior ancestors are located . the former premier made an unannounced visit to ulaanbataar last month in his capacity as a consultant to the cash-strapped government . there is concern over plans for development of the sacred pine-covered noyon uul region which has £1.2 billion gold reserves .
jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball's pyramid at lord howe island . ball's pyramid is located in the tasman sea between australia and new zealand . corliss, 39, has been base-jumping since the age of 22 . he has jumped from the eiffel tower and through a waterfall in the swiss alps .
chris martin gave the wigan side the lead in the 51st minute . darren bent doubled the rams' advantage in the 81st minute . eric steele's side have now won three of their last eight games .
us scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that doesn't pollute the environment like fossil fuels . breakthrough could see hydrogen being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor . gas is expensive and is not easy to store, meaning more research is needed for hydrogen cars to become mainstream .
the cast of "the breakfast crew" escaped from principal richard vernon 30 years ago . a draft script of the 1985 teen classic has just been found in a filing cabinet .
builders in turkey have accidentally found one of the largest underground cities in the otherworldly region of cappadocia . the city lies beneath the nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area, which was being excavated during a construction project . it is thought to be the biggest underground city in cappadocia, consisting of 3.5 miles of tunnels, secret churches, tombs and safe havens . the find is similar to the discovery of another underground city, derinkuyu, which was made in 1963 .
lifetime has its follow-up to its "unauthorized saved by the bell" tv movie . the network is now taking on full house .
parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to syria should have identities hidden . include three terror suspects who have all previously been named . also among parents are couple who lied to authorities about losing daughter's passport .
tommy connolly, a 23-year-old sunshine coast university student, took in his homeless, pregnant cousin angela . angela, 17, added mr connolly on facebook after they hadn't seen each other in 10 years . mr connolly found out she was homeless, illiterate and 32 weeks pregnant . he picked her up from where she was sleeping rough on the gold coast . mr connolly is now helping to raise her four-week-old baby boy .
wolfsburg forward kevin de bruyne has been linked with a move to bayern munich . franck ribery says de bruyne's counter-attacking skills don't mesh with pep guardiola's style of play . ribery and team-mate arjen robben's contracts expire in 2017 .
p ⁇ hoj was designed by swedish designer lycke von schantz . it has a 'lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall . the product will launch on kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known . if successful, the models could be available before the end of the year .
ancient civilisations such as the romans, greeks and egyptians have had to deal with rowdy, drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years . professor mark bellis is giving a talk at a conference in las vegas this week about the history of binge drinking .
uruma takezawa has made a living documenting communities in the most remote areas around the globe . the japanese adventurer spent 1,021 days on the road, to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries on four continents . his images form part of an exhibition at new york's foto-care gallery .
katrina maddox, 23, gave birth to edward on the way to hospital last thursday . her first son, reuben, was born on the same stretch of busy road as his brother . little edward took just 72 minutes to arrive at costessey hospital . surprised mother said: 'i can't believe it's happened twice! i can't imagine there are many people who have both their children like this - it must be a million to one'
kutner visited richard branson's ulusaba game reserve in south africa's sabi sands . he photographed three rhinos, along with documenting the roar of a bush lion, the yawn of a hippo and the prowl of a glorious leopard . ulusaba is a private game reserve owned by branson and kutner is an amateur photographer .
'the nypd's first fifty years' is a tale of kickbacks, mob violence and secret kkk members . a variety of men led the force through its formative years, 21 in total . william devery, who held the post from 1898-1901, was known as the king of kickbacks .
angela linton, 47, wrote vile message directed at gay teacher thomas o'brien . mother was banned from school after abusing staff over a school outing . she has been given community order and fined £185 for harassing victim .
aaron ramsey opened the scoring for arsenal in the 12th minute at turf moor . the welsh midfielder doubled arsenal's lead in the second half . ramsey's goal was arsenal's eighth in a row, their best run since 2004 . the gunners have won at sunderland, newcastle, manchester city and now burnley .
robert de niro, 71, said if hillary clinton is voted into white house there will be 'no surprises' the hollywood legend has been a long-time supporter of the democratic party . he says clinton has 'paid her dues' and has 'earned right to be head of country' .
announcement made by microsoft corporate vp of worldwide operations, mary ellen smith, who has a teenage son, shawn, with autism . positions will be based at its redmond campus in washington . program will be run in partnership with specialisterne, a danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in it .
the icebergs club pool was drained to create a monochrome catwalk for mercedes-benz fashion week australia . the monochrome collection of ten pieces is designed to be worn in 20 different ways .
dan fredinburg was one of four americans killed when a massive earthquake struck nepal on saturday, killing more than 3,700 people . the 33-year-old google engineer was given the letters by his girlfriend ashley arenson just before he set off on the expedition . he was told not to read them until he reached the summit of mount everest .
andros townsend scored england's equaliser against italy on tuesday . the tottenham hotspur midfielder hit back at paul merson's tweet . merson had said townsend should be 'nowhere near the squad' .
a 23-year-old taylors hill man was arrested on thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery . the cross-dressing robber allegedly held up a northwest melbourne service station with a homemade machine gun . he allegedly confronted a female cashier with what appeared to be a fake gun he pulled out of a bag . the man was remanded in custody to appear in melbourne magistrates court at a later date .
kristopher hicks was on his way home from a night out in bath, somerset . he was in a taxi driven by michael young, 56, who mistakenly thought he was planning to 'do a runner' but mr hicks objected and the driver continued on for almost a mile . he jumped from the vehicle while it was travelling at more than 20mph . mr hicks suffered devastating brain injuries, developed epilepsy and now requires round-the-clock care
colin turnbull, 69, found in 'compromised position' with rozina khanim, 39 . pair engaged in sex act in classroom at £13,000-a-year catholic school . facilities manager walked in on pair while they were engaged in sex act . mr turnbull has worked at priory school in birmingham for nine years . school confirmed senior staff had told him to 'never return' .
the britannia stadium pitch is the joint smallest in the premier league . qpr's loftus road and tottenham's white hart lane are also smallest . ten premier league clubs currently meet the regulation size .
32-year-old taliban henchman admitted his father was in charge of 65 troops . but he claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety . bodyguard escaped from prison and went into hiding, but claimed he fled to britain after taliban fighters tried to track him down . theresa may initially rejected application for him to stay in the uk . but immigration judges have now overturned her decision .
alborz destroyer and bushehr support vessel sailed from bandar abbas to the gulf of aden today . saudi arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the iran-allied houthi movement which has taken most of yemen . saudi arabia and several arab allies have imposed an air and naval blockade on yemen in a two-week campaign .
royal was all smiles as she welcomed award-winning writer juan goytisolo to the casa real in madrid . letizia was wearing a £49.99 mango jumpsuit that showed off her slender frame .
wayne rooney has listed his top five moments of the manchester derby . the manchester united striker spoke about his most memorable moments . rooney has also listed a famous overhead kick and paul scholes header .
javier hernandez is on loan at real madrid from manchester united . the mexican has scored four goals in four for the spanish giants . carlo ancelotti is willing to make a final decision once the season is over .
epic stunt by ecuador tourist board fooled 40 tourists into thinking they had flown to costa rica to enjoy the delights of its port town golfito . in fact, the group were exploring the activities on offer in the country's napo province, in the amazon rainforest . the ruse sparked a diplomatic incident, with the costa rican government and ambassador to ecuador complaining to the authorities .
the ebay listing, posted friday, showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of hernandez, 25, and identifying information, including his height, weight and birth date . hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the june 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister . the starting price for the card was $500, though there were no bids on the item when the auction was removed from the site on saturday .
cnn's nina dos santos traveled from djibouti to aden, yemen, on a wooden vessel called mecca . she was met by desperation, shoving and shouting from the moment she stepped through the gates of the port . the crowds clustered around aden's streets, the hospital, the shuttered markets and the frontlines .
becky watts, 16, vanished from father's home in crown hill, bristol, on february 19 . her body parts were found at a house in barton hill, bristol, on march 2 . police have charged her stepbrother, nathan matthews, 28, with murder . becky's mother tani watts said: 'i'm still in the back of my mind not accepting...that i'm not going to see her'
tornado sirens blare in kansas as several storms bring reports of twisters . a tornado may have touched down in potosi, missouri, about 70 miles from st. louis .
scientists had thought reading or looking at a screen could cause short-sightedness . but now think it could be down to a lack of natural light while taking part . 40 minutes of extra natural light per day could help to reduce cases by 26% . in china, four teenagers in five are short-sighted, transparent classrooms are being tested in a bid to increase pupils’ exposure to natural light . leading eye surgeon david allamby warned that an increase in eyesight problems is likely in britain if children do not regain a love of the great outdoors .
richard eckersley is currently training with la liga side elche . the former manchester united and burnley defender is a free agent . eckersley joined mls side toronto fc on loan last season .
robin rinaldi demanded an open marriage from her husband after he had a vasectomy . the 42-year-old's response was to bed 12 strangers in as many months . she’s now written a graphic, tell-all memoir about that year and its messy fallout .
the law bans what it calls "dismemberment abortion" supporters of the measure describe it as a groundbreaking step . opponents warn it is dangerous and among the most restrictive abortion laws in the country .
manchester united are close to signing borussia dortmund midfielder ilkay gundogan . louis van gaal believes gundogan can replace michael carrick . gundogan has been watched extensively by united . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
former top gear presenter was guest of honour at chipping norton auction . he said: 'in the olden days when i used to work for bbc, i couldn't say s*** - but i am not, so i will say s***' he also joked about 'trawling the job centre' for a hosting job .
kyle knox, from london, was last seen alive at the foot of ben nevis on march 31 . the 23-year-old was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in fort william . it was believed kyle, who was not an experienced walker, had attempted to scale the 4409-ft high peak alone .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 2-0 at the camp nou on tuesday night . andres iniesta scored the opening goal in the uefa champions league win . the spaniard is yet to score or create a goal for barcelona this season .
two people, one of them a licensed greyhound trainer, have been arrested in australia . at least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in queensland bush . police minister jo-ann miller describes the crime scene as "nothing short of abhorrent"
ricky gervais tweeted a photo of rebecca francis lying next to a dead giraffe five years ago . the tweet was retweeted almost 30,000 times in three days .
ikea's new service, wedding online, allows couples to wed via skype . guests from all over the world can view the proceedings, as long as they have a webcam handy . couples can choose from a range of ceremonies depending on their style .
drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like in south korea . for koreans, drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like . seoul traffic is said to correspond with the city's drinking culture .
lionel messi wants celtic to play in the champions league again . the scottish giants lost 2-1 on aggregate to maribor in august . messi has played at celtic park three times in europe during his career .
the sunken yacht, which became known as 'pride of hawaii', was 83-feet-long and considered the first luxury ocean-going yacht in the united states when it sunk in april 1824 . richard rogers, a hawaii shipwreck chaser, worked with scientists from the smithsonian institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by king kamehameha ii, aka liholiho, the second king of
new book, airline visual identity 1945-1975, revisits golden age of air travel . adverts were created for the biggest airlines of the day, including pan am . pan am declared bankruptcy and ceased operations in 1991 .
gareth bale is out of real madrid's champions league quarter-final second leg against atletico on wednesday night . the 25-year-old suffered a calf injury during their 3-1 win against malaga . bale took to facebook to wish his side good luck .
john howard, 66, had been a member of the overseas press and media association for 30 years but began stealing funds two years ago . the father-of-three enjoyed dining alone on several £300 meals a month and also spent money on flowers . fraud was only uncovered after the association had problems paying its creditors and howard started to dodge emails and phone calls . he was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed 'i'm sorry' to a former colleague as he left the dock at canterbury crown court .
campaigners are calling for the government to fix the date of easter . in 1928, the easter act was passed to make sure the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in april . it is thought that the roman catholic church did not object to the plans .
fethiye cetin discovered her armenian ancestry in her 20s . she represented armenian-turkish journalist hrant dink, assassinated in 2007 .
mcdonnell and her husband, former gov. bob mcdonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc. ceo jonnie williams . among the gifts were almost $20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for maureen mcdonnell, vacations, golf outings and $15,000 for a daughter's wedding . bob mcdonnell was sentenced in february to two years in prison and his wife to one year
lawyers have warned that the differences in defamation law in northern ireland mean controversial us expose hbo's 'going clear' might not be broadcast . the fact that northern ireland is not subject to the 2013 defamation act means sky is set to postpone or cancel the show entirely . this is because it could expose the broadcaster to libel claims from david miscavige, the leader of the church .
golden state warriors built a 15-point lead in game one of their western conference first-round series . stephen curry scored 34 points for the warriors . new orleans power forward anthony davis scored a game-high 35 points, while power forward draymond green (15 points, 12 rebounds) and center andrew bogut (12 points, 14 rebounds) game two in the best-of-seven series is scheduled for monday night in oakland .
new nypd training materials have been approved by a federal judge . they include directives to "not tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes"
hassan munshi and talha asmal, both 17, thought to have crossed into syria . families are 'deeply worried' about the safety of their 'ordinary yorkshire lads' hassan is supposedly related to hammaad munshi, who was arrested in 2006 . hammaad munshi was convicted over his role in a brutal plan to murder non-muslims .
sailors on board the admiral kuznetsov, russia's largest aircraft carrier, have come up with a novel way of cleaning the decks . they strap an old jet engine to the front of a tractor, and use the contraption as a huge leaf-blower . debris on carrier decks can potentially get sucked into jet engines, so crew are usually forced to do manual sweeps of the decks .
mary kay letourneau fualaau was a married 34-year-old teacher and mother of four in seattle in 1996 . she began an affair with fualaau, her 13-year-old student .
neil moore, 28, was on remand at wandsworth prison for a £1.8million fraud . he emailed wardens posing as a court clerk manager at 'southwalk' court . it allowed the fraudster to brazenly walk out of prison on march 10 last year . escape motivated by moore's fear he would be harmed by inmates .
ten-week-old qingqing is in a critical condition in hospital in eastern china . her mother said: 'we left after our baby girl fell asleep. who knew this would happen?' .
game was available to download on amazon and android platforms . instead of hitting the mole with a mallet players are invited to feed the cartoon girl . if player misses the girl, she starts to lose weight until she dies . game's designers say: 'anyone can be a hero, if he is willing to help others from the bottom of his heart. start saving the day now!'
richie benaud was one of cricket's great personalities . he was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in tests . benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating for bbc and channel 9 .
real sociedad took the lead through a xabi prieto penalty in the 31st minute . deportivo were awarded a penalty of their own in the 38th minute . gonzalo castro volleyed home sergio canales' cross for sociedad .
paramedics were called to a home in wagaman, northern darwin, on wednesday . the 38-year-old man chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle . he then went for a lie down, at which point his family called royal darwin hospital .
mar ⁇ a jose carrascosa, a 49-year-old native of spain, was released from jail friday night . carrascosa was paroled last year after moving her daughter, then 5, to spain when the girl's father, peter innes, was granted custody of the child . carrascosa defiantly refused to bring her daughter back to the united states and thus remained jailed .
palermo president maurizio zamparini has slapped a €50million price tag on paulo dybala . dybala is wanted by manchester united, chelsea, arsenal, inter milan, juventus and psg . roberto mancini was spotted at the stadio ennio tardini on sunday .
prize porker, known as pigwig, had fallen into pool in ringwood, hampshire . two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the huge black pig out of the small pool . firefighters were also called to a swimming pool where a horse had fallen in .
women typically take and delete five pictures before deciding they like a selfie . and men are happy only on their fourth try, a survey by onepoll found . itv's good morning britain show is encouraging viewers to share the first selfie they take on social media under the hashtag #selfieesteem .
kansas gov. sam brownback is likely to sign a bill that would make it illegal for welfare recipients to spend their stipends at strip clubs, tattoo shops and other places . the bill passed the state legislature last week . recipients would be limited, for the first time, to withdrawing $25 in cash per day .
stars ray liotta, robert de niro, lorraine bracco and paul sorvino were all in attendance although director scorsese was filming in taiwan . joe pesci won an oscar for best supporting actor in 1991 for his turn as tommy devito . released in 1990, goodfellas charts the rise and fall of lucchese crime family associate henry hill over a period from 1955 to 1980 .
japanese women swear by the 'beauty from within' philosophy . prefer to sip on tincture tonics to cleanse the system internally . mahonia, a traditional herbal treatment for acne, is a bestseller .
a new kansas law tells poor families that they can't use cash assistance from the state to attend concerts, go swimming, visit theme parks or buy lingerie . the list of don'ts runs to several dozen items. more than 20 other states have such lists . gop gov. sam brownback planned to sign the bill thursday . the new restrictions, regarding kansas applicants, have inspired national criticism and mockery from the daily show .
jan bearman, 83, has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday for the past three years in memory of her daughter shell . shelley bearman died in 2011 at the age of 56 from complications from her diabetes . jan's granddaughters and shell's husband decided to get a tattoo in memory of her . 'i just couldn't think of a reason to not get one,' jan said .
amy-beth ellice, 17, from essex started baking at the age of three . she published her first cookbook, amy's baking year, at just 14 . her second cookbook, all about entertaining, is now firmly in the works . amy-beth has ambitions to launch her own baking products .
aston villa salvaged a point against queens park rangers at villa park . charlie austin had given qpr the lead before christian benteke scored a hat-trick . chris ramsey's side were relegated from the premier league .
marla mccants, 43, from nashville, tennessee, was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage . she refused to let medical professionals help her stand up for the first time in years . the mother-of-three weighed 800lbs at her heaviest .
a wallaby shocked onlookers as he 'punched' a wombat who invaded his personal space while he was grazing in a victorian national park . shocked onlookers started filming the native pair as the wombat waddled over to the unsuspecting wallaby . the wallaby turned around and gave the wombat a crack on the nose .
jake malone met a woman called herself 'rili' on a social website 11 months ago . she contacted him after becoming divorced and he decided to pay her a visit . but after turning up at her address, he discovered the office had been closed for years . an infatuated mr malone now wanders the streets of shenzhen with a sign bearing her picture attached to his torso .
melissa borg left her baulkham hills home at 7:30am on thursday . the 13-year-old made her way to the hills sports high school in seven hills . her father found no sign of her and reported her missing to police . police have questioned her school friends about her disappearance .
superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments – as well as those for anti-ageing . a poll of 2,000 women in their 30s, 40s and 50s discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes well into adulthood . one in three women said they even shy away from talking to people because they are so self-conscious about the state of their skin .
the tower was built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees . the owner wanted to see the idyllic valley over the tall trees . so they built up. and up. and up. now it teeters at an impressive 12 storys high . it bears a stark resemblance to the kind of houses drawn in dr seuss's books .
halfway leader jordan spieth tees off at 2:55pm local time (7:55pm bst) justin rose and paul casey will tee off at 2:45pm (7:45pm bst) rory mcilroy and tiger woods will be out a lot earlier in the day as they bid to make up ground on their 12-shot deficit to leader spieth .
the five-year-old child is called mai zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old . his incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad china . the country's biggest basketball star so far has been shanghai-born yao ming, who played for nba's houston rockets from 2002 to 2011 .
jordan spieth won the masters by four shots from justin rose and phil mickelson . spieth equalled tiger woods' 72-hole record and became the first man to reach 19-under par at augusta . jack nicklaus believes it is time for the 'young guys' to take over .
queen elizabeth ii placed 302nd on the sunday times rich list with a wealth of £340m, compared with 285th last year . len blavatnick topped the list with a fortune of £13.2bn, followed by brothers sri and gopi hinduja . today the wealthiest 1,000 people based in britain are collectively worth £547billion, up from £258billion in 2009 .
detective sergeant stephen phillips, 46, and police constables christopher evans, 37, and michael stokes, 34, all face charges of 'theft by a serving police officer' cardiff crown court heard that the three officers from south wales police were all arrested as a result of an investigation being carried out by the force's professional standards department .
david luiz suffered a hamstring injury in psg's 3-2 win over marseille . the brazilian defender signalled to the bench that he would need to be replaced . reports suggest he will have scans on monday to assess extent of injury .
each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers, and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing . archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs, recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as tenahaha . the mummies in the tombs ranged in age from several days old to the elderly . but over the years rats had eaten away many of the remains, leaving only fragments .
homaro cantu, 38, was found dead tuesday inside crooked fork brewery, the brewpub he was opening with his business partner . friends say he had recently become strained by a lawsuit filed by a former investor in moto and ing, a restaurant cantu shuttered last year . last month, investor alex espalin accused cantu of co-mingling funds from moto to keep ing afloat, even though he advised cantu to close the business . cant
canterbury forwards james graham and david klemmer could face point penalties or a temporary game ban for their arguments with referee gerard sutton . nrl head of football todd greenberg revealed that the match review committee would 'look very closely' at their behaviour . nrl judiciary code of procedure states that contrary conduct and detrimental conduct requirements will 'form part of the review'
annah sophia stevenson discovered a cockroach after taking three bites of her big mac burger . the mother of one brushed her teeth only to find a piece of black shell lodged between her teeth . ms stevenson said she was trying to work her teeth through what must of been the insect's shell .
shaker aamer is expected to be freed in june, us government sources have revealed . the 48-year-old has been held at guantanamo bay without charge or trial . he is the longest-serving uk resident in guantanamo and has twice been cleared for release, by the bush administration in 2007 and by barack obama in 2009 .
a flaming cannonball set alight to a medieval thatched building at warwick castle . hundreds of tourists had to be evacuated after the fireball ignited a boathouse . the thatched building overlooks the river avon within the castle grounds .
kyle patrick loughlin, who was enrolled at bridgewater state university on an early childhood education course, was arrested on tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five . police said they then proceeded to search loughlin's dorm room where they found more than 100 pairs of children's underwear and diapers . the student allegedly said that he started feeling an attraction to young boys as a teenager and he sometimes wrote 'sexually charged fantasy stories
naomi, 44, and 24-year-old jourdan have been unveiled as faces of burberry's new eyewear range, the gabardine collection . the duo model the seasonal styles inspired by gabardine, a fabric invented by thomas burberry and the original material of the iconic trench coat .
tottenham drew 0-0 with burnley at turf moor on easter sunday . harry kane was captaining his side for the first time in the draw . kane scored within seconds of his england debut against lithuania .
charlotte bevan had come off risperidone before daughter zaani was born . the 30-year-old walked out of bristol maternity hospital four days after birth . police found her body two miles away on a cliff face near clifton suspension bridge .
don mclean's original manuscript and notes to 'american pie' have been sold at auction for $1.2 million . mclean offered the wistful anthem that asks 'do you recall what was revealed the day the music died?' at christie's on tuesday . the 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song, including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem . mclean says american pie is about 'heading in the wrong direction' .
abc is filming a proof of concept for a revival of "the muppets" bill prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation . the project, if all goes well, could go straight to series .
justin smith, 18, and efrain diaz, 20, have been arrested and charged in the robbery-murder of university of kentucky student jonathan krueger . smith is also charged with tampering with evidence in the shooting death of the 22-year-old . krueger was a photo editor for the school newspaper and a junior in the college of communication and information .
'stay clear boys,' a message on the shirt warns. 'this is my dad!' the image was first shared on reddit under the headline 'dad security' at the weekend .
thierry henry believes arsenal need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the barclays premier league . henry also hit out at olivier giroud by claiming the gunners will struggle to win the league if giroud stays as the club's first choice striker . henry was speaking as a sky sports pundit after arsenal's goalless draw with chelsea .
four swedish cops were on their way to see les misérables on broadway . they rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a rush-hour 6 train . 'we came here for vacation. we’ve been here one day. we’re no heroes, just tourists,' said makrus  ⁇ sberg, a 25-year-old officer with the police uppsala, sweden .
aaron hernandez will be shipped to massachusetts' flagship maximum-security prison . the former nfl player is being processed at the souza-baranowski correctional center .
bmw driver rammed shirtless man in street after furious road rage row . distressed onlookers tried to intervene in violent clash in east london . driver briefly reversed before ramming into a white mercedes and white prius . he was taken to hospital as a precaution and then arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm .
the cell phone ban at the augusta national golf club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras . fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses and re-learning how to use them . when play begins on thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves .
engineers at the university of sheffield have shown that tampons can glow in ultra-violet (uv) light, because they absorb chemicals used in toilet paper, laundry detergents and shampoos . tampons could shed light on undetectable mis-plumbed pathways . five per cent of homes in the uk have pipes that are misconnected, causing them to leak sewage .
former scottish first minister hopes to return to the commons as mp for gordon by ousting the lib dems who have held the seat for more than 30 years . polls suggest the lib dems face near-wipeout in scotland, with senior figures including treasury minister danny alexander under threat from a surge in support for the snp . clegg spoke out in support of new lib dem candidate in gordon, christine jardine .
sarah vine says the bbc needs to look further than just men when it comes to finding a presenter to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear . vine says women love cars just as much men!
floyd mayweather is selling t-shirts with the philippines flag in the background . manny pacquiao salutes the crowd as he makes his official arrival at the mandalay bay hotel . the pacman is the happiest soul in las vegas, smiling, cracking jokes, bidding everyone welcome .
jamyra gallmon of washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing david messerschmitt, 30 . according to a police affidavit filed in court on thursday, she stole just $40 and the victim's metro smartrip card . her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old dominique johnson was arrested on wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice . johnson was charged because she knew gallmon was going to rob messer
don mclean's 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $1.5million (£1,006,303) mclean, 69, says american pie is about 'heading in the wrong direction' the song was released in 1971 and was a no. 1 u.s. hit for four weeks in 1972 .
rangers will play hearts at tynecastle on may 3 - 24 hours after hibs and promotion rivals falkirk and queen of the south play . the ibrox club have lodged formal complaints with the spfl . rangers chief executive leanne dempster and hearts chairwoman ann budge have lodged formal complaints with the league .
richie benaud was the voice of cricket for generations . benaud took 248 test wickets and hit 2,201 runs, with three centuries . he reclaimed the ashes for australia as captain before successfully defending them twice .
niki lauda expects nico rosberg to turn 'nasty' at some stage . rosberg accused lewis hamilton of being 'egocentric b*******' hamilton won the chinese grand prix to lead mercedes .
failings left gangs free to rape, traffic and sexually abuse at least 1,400 children . south yorkshire police did not use 'alternative strategies' to protect victims . the national crime agency said the force failed to work effectively with local licencing and community safety officers .
john hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009 . the cancer had spread to his brain and lungs . hartson admitted to having a gambling problem after beating cancer . the former celtic striker says he is now a happy family man .
ben stokes thought he had england's fifth wicket of the day in antigua . jermaine blackwood slashed his short delivery straight to alastair cook . stokes celebrated wildly when brad haddin was caught behind . michael vaughan thinks stokes should return to his natural style of bowling .
australian prime minister tony abbott guzzles a beer in seven seconds in a sydney bar . a group of rules football players invited him to have a drink with them . abbott had previously criticized binge drinking in australia .
ankit keshri died after colliding with a team-mate during a match in kolkata . the 20-year-old suffered a cardiac arrest following on-field injury . keshri was only playing as a substitute having been the 12th man .
a semi-trailer truck carrying 13.7 million bees overturned on interstate 5 on friday morning . cameraman jeff dubois struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around him . during the unexpectedly dangerous report, cameraman damien glitch was stung more than 20 times . the driver, a 36-year-old man from idaho, was not hurt .
adam leheup, 34, arranged to meet woman on 'let's date' mobile phone app . they arranged to meet under clock on waterloo station before crossing bridge . they went to gordon's wine bar where they raped the 25-year-old . leheup denies rape at blackfriars crown court at camden crown court .
spacex plans to launch a falcon 9 rocket tuesday . the company hopes to land it upright on a floating platform .
1986 janner file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged cover up . nspcc boss peter wanless led review of home office files from 1979 to 1999 . last year he concluded it would be 'impossible' to unearth this and other files . news comes as alison saunders speaks out for first time since ruling he will not face a trial because of his dementia .
lewis hamilton features on the front cover of men's health magazine . the mercedes driver discusses the meaning behind his tattoos . hamilton leads the drivers' championship after two races of 2015 .
alexander pacteau, 21, charged with murder and attempting to defeat ends of justice . miss buckley, a qualified nurse, went missing following a night out . her body was found on a farm six miles north of her home in glasgow .
a clip has surfaced of a racist quarrel between neighbours in a perth suburb that ended in a bloody confrontation with a crowbar . the woman appears in her neighbour's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar, verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them . 'i don't deal with monkeys, go on now you f*****g monkeys. look at these f*****g pigs, jungle ******* you are,' she says .
timothy eli thompson was born without a nose in march in alabama . his mom brandi put his photo on facebook after a pro-life group tried to post it to promote his story . the story was shared 30,000 times in six hours and the ban was lifted after complaints .
big brother winner pete bennett, 33, from brighton, won £100,000 in 2006 . but the star says he squandered his prize cash on animal tranquiliser ketamine . nine years on the tourette's sufferer says his condition has calmed down .
sir alex ferguson spoke to john parrott over a frame of snooker . the former manchester united boss believes cristiano ronaldo is better than lionel messi as he could score for any team . the 73-year-old has been a keen snooker fan since he was a young boy .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . where money man vs pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend on what happens that coming night . here are my 12 most significant fights in boxing’s history .
ally mccoist will be welcomed back to ibrox 'with open arms' according to former rangers defender john brown . the 53-year-old was axed as rangers manager in december . mccoist is the club's record scorer with 355 goals .
anglers aaron jones and jamie toms used scraps of plywood to build boat . they used insulation boards, coat hangers and silicone glue to hold it together . but an oar snapped 200 yards off jaywick, essex, and they had to call 999 . lifeboat crew arrived to find neither man wearing a lifejacket, and one unable to swim .
paris saint-germain beat saint-etienne 4-1 in the french cup final . zlatan ibrahimovic scored a hat trick to take his psg career tally to 102 goals . argentina winger ezequiel lavezzi added the other goal . psg will face auxerre in the final on may 30 .
die-hard fans can fly with al pacino from glasgow to london for £25,000 . package includes three nights in a five-star hotel in london, transfers and a ticket to the actor’s may 22 show at the hammersmith apollo . pacino is drawing criticism for the pricey promotion .
around 650 foreign entrants joined in today's pyongyang marathon under the constant watch of soldiers . the event only opened its doors to non-local amateurs in 2014 . last year will marks revealed how runners were banned from displaying country flags and western logos .
magazine claims nick loeb has filed a lawsuit against his ex-fiancee sofia in a bid to prevent her from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through ivf .
jackson was taken into police custody on saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in west lake, la . the 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on friday . the victim told police the man was 'hobie' - jackson played the son of david hasselhoff's character mitch buchannon on baywatch .
couple in their 30s ordered to pay £9,000 after being convicted of noise pollution and harassment . they were convicted of 'raucous screams' during steamy sex sessions at their apartment in san martino, italy . long-suffering neighbours described the wails of passion as 'deafening' and said it kept them and their two children awake .
kibulu the african lion cub was rejected by his mother at the nsw zoo where he was born . zambi wildlife retreat in western sydney fostered him as a three-week-old cub . kibulu is one of 23 lions in donna wilson's care at zambi wildlife retreat . the retreat is a sanctuary for retired, old, injured and homeless animals .
all saints church in wolverhampton re-scheduled the service today instead of tomorrow so vulnerable women can attend regular thursday sessions tomorrow . drop-in sessions were cancelled on christmas day and new year's day because they both fell on a thursday . religious leaders have praised the initiative, which has been running since last august, as reflecting the core values of christianity .
arsenal travel to face manchester city in the premier league on saturday . martin skrtel is out for three games after stamping on david de gea . olivier giroud and kolo toure are in contention to replace skrtel . per mertesacker and daniel sturridge could also feature .
gavin munro, 39, grows trees into specially-designed plastic moulds . pruning and guiding the branches into shape before grafting them together . hopes to harvest 400 tables, chairs and lampshades next year .
ander herrera scored twice as manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 . juan mata completed his brace with a stunning volley on the hour mark . herrera posted a picture on instagram with his team-mate mata .
inter milan are interested in lucas leiva and alex song . stevan jovetic and yaya toure look set to leave the etihad this summer . roberto mancini is keen on the duo he worked with at liverpool .
javier hernandez has been linked with a move to orlando city . the mls side are coached by former everton and manchester city striker adrian heath . eight european sides are also interested in the mexican international .
bryan santana of orlando, florida, is accused of killing his former roommate shelby fazio and her dog last october . santana allegedly wrapped a belt around fazio's neck and stabbed her in the throat with a pen then had sex with her corpse . he also allegedly killed and mutilated fazio's dog and wrote messages in blood on the wall .
the u.s. government is providing $1 million in immediate assistance, the u.s. embassy in nepal says . a doctor pleads for engineers to come to his hospital to back up the electricity supply . the quake has killed more than 1,800 people, and the death toll is expected to rise .
elizabeth stewart, cristina elrich, jeanann williams and naomi watts all make top 10 in hollywood reporter's 'power stylist for 2015' list . stewart credited with styling australian actress cate blanchett, sandra bullock, julia roberts and amanda seyfried .
iona costello, 51, and daughter emily were visiting manhattan when they went missing on march 30 . their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in greenport, new york . they were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday, it was reported . police said they now consider the case to be closed .
snp leader nicola sturgeon, 44, divided opinion on twitter over her dress . viewers initially thought it was grey, but now say it was green .
shelley dufresnein, 32, from st charles parish, louisiana, posted selfie on instagram . followers started congratulating her on outcome, prompting her to respond: 'i'm so relieved' however she is still facing charges over a threesome she had with the student . she took a plea deal on thursday that gets her out of jail or having to register as a sex offender .
volcano calbuco, in chile's south, erupted about 6pm local time today . it is believed to be among the three most dangerous volcanoes in the country . 1,500 residents from ensenada, about 10 miles away, were forced to flee . local authorities set up a 12.5-mile exclusion zone around the volcano .
a drone carrying traces of a radioactive material is found on the roof of japan's equivalent to the white house . the discovery comes on the same day a japanese court approves a government plan to restart two nuclear reactors . police say the drone was equipped with a small camera, smoke flares and a plastic bottle containing small traces of cesium .
chelsea beat qpr 7-3 at loftus road on saturday . cesc fabregas scored a late consolation for jose mourinho's side . fabregas had a goal disallowed in the first half for qpr . chelsea are now seven points clear at the top of the premier league .
britain last year produced more than 1.5 million cars – the most since 2007 . we are poised to overtake france and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in europe .
luis suarez scored twice as barcelona beat psg 3-1 in the champions league . luis enrique has urged his side to focus on the la liga title race . barcelona face valencia at the nou camp on saturday .
australian josh kerr took home the prize for the most impressive wipe-out . the 31-year-old was attempting to surf the notorious 'box' - a right hand barrel at margaret river's main break . adam melling, owen wright and john john florence also succumbed to the powerful break with extraordinary crashes .
arsenal tried to lure nuri sahin from the bundesliga with a 'great bid' the former real madrid and liverpool midfielder is now back at borussia dortmund . sahin claims his family didn't want him to go to england .
e.on announced price rises in january 2013 and again in early 2014 . firm overcharged thousands of customers who were switching to rivals . ofgem found e.on broke billing rules by imposing exit fees . firm has now been ordered to pay £7.75million to citizens advice .
jurgen klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . chelsea boss jose mourinho has been assured he is not coming to stamford bridge to take his job . stoke boss mark hughes predicts klopp's pedigree in european competition would work in his favour for clubs looking to compete on the biggest stage .
hamza parvez, 22, has been living in a house in raqqa, syria, with a group of unmarried fighters . the loveless british pakistani fighter recently moved back to the islamic state de-facto capital city of raqqa in search of love . hamza's friend abu mariya al-belgiki remains a frustrated bachelor .
hibernian beat hearts 2-0 in the edinburgh derby on sunday . jason cummings and farid el alagui scored for hibs . hearts went into the match with only the championship title at stake .
czech politician vit jedlicka has declared liberland the free republic of liberland . jedlicka says he will grant citizenship to 7,500 of the 300,000 applicants . the micronation is founded on a firm belief in liberty and noninterference from the powers-that-be .
gang used drill to cut through concrete wall of secured vault . raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins full of gems . hole used by gang was just 45cm wide and 25cm high .
two 49-year-old women and a 23-year-old man were removed from the plane . flight crew requested police assistance before it left bristol for faro . ryanair said 'alcohol-related anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated'
storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the ukrainian-belorusian border, named a haboob - which is arabic for an intense dust storm . storm caused chaos on city streets and forced 100,000 residents of the city of soligorsk to stay indoors . video was filmed from a high rise apartment in the province of salihorsk, south of the capital of minsk .
items on sale at poundland can sometimes be up to 50 per cent more expensive . the budget retailer last week announced sales exceed £1billion for the first time last year . success put down to shoppers hunting bargains and taking sales away from britain's four big supermarkets, asda, tesco, sainsbury's and morrisons .
gov. jerry brown orders cities and towns in california to reduce water usage by 25% . the 25% cut amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water over the next nine months . agriculture uses about 80% of california's developed water supply .
henry louis gates is accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his pbs show "finding your roots" jeffrey toobin: gates should have shown courage to stay in an uncomfortable place .
denver broncos cornerback aqib talib and his brother are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a dallas-area nightclub on wednesday morning . during a 2011 incident involving two guns, talib and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend in garland, texas . talib was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011 .
bodies found in separate metal trunks in a public park in haryana state . police said the man's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk . his partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women . india has witnessed honour killings - where couples are targeted because their families or communities disapprove of their relationships - for centuries .
falih essawi tells cnn he's on a front line, armed with a machine gun, in ramadi . he begs the iraqi government for reinforcements and the u.s.-led coalition against isis for air support .
carlos tevez's contract with serie a champions juventus runs until 2016 . the 31-year-old has reportedly told the club he wants to leave this summer . juventus have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for the striker .
v.k. singh is spearheading operation rahat to rescue 2,000 from yemen . he was quoted as saying: 'friends what do you expect from presstitutes' union minister said he found the evacuation assignment less exciting than his recent visit to the pakistan high commission on the occasion of pakistan's national day . the bharatiya janata party has distanced itself from the former army chief’s views .
larry mcelroy, 54, fired his 9mm pistol at the armadillo on sunday night when he saw the vermin in his backyard . mcelroy's mother-in-law, carol johnson, 74, suffered non-life-threatening injuries and was talking all the way to the hospital . armadillo's are known for their armored shells which protect them in the wild against bears and wild cats .
cao yu, 22, confronted thug in public square in guizhou province, southwest china . he stabbed her in the shoulder and left her 'bleeding all over' ms cao said: 'i couldn't let the man hurt innocent people'
duli hembrom, 13, wrote to the principal of milan mithi uchha vidyalaya . she failed to convince her parents to call off the wedding, due to take place in two days . she said: 'i took an oath at the time of admission that i will not get married before i turn 18'
philip gigante, 41, was elected into the positions by residents of airmont . his grandfather vincent 'the chin' gigante was head of the genovese crime family . republican real-estate lawyer will get $25,000 a year for the part time job .
maps were compiled by cartographer trent hare and include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape . grey and white areas reveal higher peaks, while darker blues show deep craters . to the left of these craters is oceanus procellarum, which is latin for 'ocean of storms' early theories claimed this mysterious region, 1,600 miles (2,600km) across, was created by an asteroid impact . but last year, nasa scientists proposed that the ocean of storms was in fact the result of
a man wearing a 'distinctive' cartoon mask robbed a christchurch dairy on saturday . the man demanded cash from the dairy owner's daughter . police are appealing to the public to help identify the man .
chelsea forward eden hazard opened the scoring for jose mourinho's side at stamford bridge . hazard doubled chelsea's lead in the second half with a low shot past david de gea . hazard's goal was his 13th premier league goal of the season .
german researchers have shown that passive smoking affects plants too . plants can take up nicotine from contaminated soil and plumes of smoke . finding may explain why some spices, herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations of nicotine in them . nicotine was frequently used as an insecticide until it was banned by the european union in 2009 because of its toxicity .
the collection was amassed by george iii and has been under lock and key for 200 years . the queen was at windsor castle for the launch and declared herself 'stunned' by the collection . along with the poems was a collection of scientific instruments, many of which were considered advanced in their day .
pippa middleton was spotted out jogging in london today for the second time this week . the 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from london to brighton to raise money for the british heart foundation . pippa showed off her toned legs in her tiny shorties by adidas which are up for grabs to buy .
nobody is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on may 7 . prime minister david cameron narrowly topped the polls assessing who 'won' the two-hour clash against six other parties in an unusual format for britain . crucially, 33 per cent of the 7.4 million viewers hailed cameron as 'the most impressive' on the subject of the economy .
rangers will be forced to delist from the alternative investment market . interim chairman paul murray insists the new board’s plans for the future will be unaffected and planned investments will still take place . the development has reopened old hostilities, with sandy easdale claiming the shareholder group he heads is considering legal action .
2015 may be remembered as the year the term "transgender" fully entered mainstream consciousness . transgender people, long relegated to society's shadows, are finally stepping into the light .
study looked at the voting habits of twins born in the uk . aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences . identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, while non-identical twins - like non-twin siblings - share about 50 per cent . twin studies are useful for exploring whether a trait is forged in the genes, passed down or by the environment a person is living in .
shia paramilitary fighters looting and setting fire to buildings in tikrit are 'out of control', an official said . salahuddin provincial council head ahmed al-karim said fighters had burnt 'hundreds of houses' in the last two days . it comes as prime minister haider al-abadi ordered iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of tikrit, retaken from isis this week .
les moonves' waiter offered him an "in" to the floyd mayweather-manny pacquiao fight . gabriel salvador says moonves' love of boxing gave him confidence to give him a chance . salvador says he was driven more by his passion to see the fight happen than any real connection to manny pacquiao .
alan rogers, 73, smashed the skull of grandfather fred hatch, 76 . mr hatch's wife enid then went looking for him after he failed to return . she then discovered rogers standing over his bloodied body . rogers then calmly called the police and told them: 'i have just killed that man'
jessica knight has pica, a condition that causes her to crave non-nutritious substances . her mother, kelly knight, 36, says doctors are unable to treat her until she is six . she can't stop eating sponge, sand and cement from paving blocks .
in 2012-13, some 13 million different americans watched at least one top-flight english game live . last season that was 32 million - more than one in 10 people in the us . nbc have transported their entire premier league production from their hq in stamford, connecticut, to england .
scientists hope immunisation is possible with just one injection . vaccine is based on animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (vsv) when administered, it induces an immune response against ebola virus . it has killed more than 10,460 people in a year across six countries .
jack rivera, a new york trucker, captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the interstate 35e in texas last wednesday . footage shows the driver of a black suv coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane . she then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere . as the back end of the 18-wheeler swings out, it pushes a red pickup truck off course .
christopher furniss-roe was sent to bed early after 'childish' row with sister . after 15 minutes he found him hanging in his room by his father jason . coroner ruled it was a tragic accident - saying he was looking for 'sympathy and forgiveness' after the row . his father desperately tried to save his son's life but he died the next day in hospital .
a tornado hits kirkland, illinois, on thursday . one person dies in fairdale, illinois .
riddick bowe, 46, offered to 'tweet anything' for anyone who paid him $20 . he shared the messages with his 450,000 followers on twitter . bowe was once regarded as the best heavyweight fighter in the world . he retired in 1997 with a rumoured fortune of $15million .
lib dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended to video calls . officials stressed that people would not be forced to use the service . they insisted it would only be for minor ailments or progress checks .
shezoy bleary, 22, allegedly attacked 31-year-old chris copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a chelsea nightclub . copeland, a former player for the new york knicks, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on wednesday . copeland's wife katrine saltara, 28, was also stabbed during the early-morning altercation .
scientists at vanderbilt university in tennessee urged parents to take steps to eradicate the risk of surgical-site infections . they swabbed stuffed animals brought into hospital by children ahead of surgery . all those soft toys swabbed showed bacterial growth . a single wash and dry cycle at home, followed by sealing the toy in a plastic bag for 24 hours effectively 'sterilised' 79 per cent of those soft toys tested .
pedro has started just 12 league games for barcelona this season . the 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from the nou camp . pedro admits he is finding his bit-part role difficult under luis enrique .
grigor dimitrov defeated stanislas wawrinka 6-1, 6-2 in monte carlo . dimitrov will face gael monfils in the quarter-finals . the bulgarian is defending champion at the monte carlo masters .
tyler macniven and his fiancee, kelly hennigan, made a three-minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials . the video, inspired by action films, shows the two literally saving 'the date' as they wash up on shore, fight friends disguised as villains and ultimately escape from one very large explosion . the couple's wedding will be on september 26, 2015, though the video fails to say where the ceremony will take place .
real madrid beat granada 9-1 in la liga clash at the bernabeu . cristiano ronaldo scored five goals, with karim benzema two . diego mainz own goal and gareth bale's own goal secured win . robert ibanez scored granada's consolation . tottenham hotspur travel to burnley in premier league on saturday .
ed miliband admits party has been 'too timid' on immigration . insists there is an 'epidemic of exploitation' of migrant workers . claims migrants must learn to speak english especially in nhs . tories say there is nothing in miliband's plans to act to reduce migration .
student says she turned to sex work after her student loan failed to cover rent . she tried part time jobs in a coffee shop, a pub and as a waitress but none paid enough . says traditional means of earning failed to cover the cost of living in london .
nancy perry will no longer teach students at dublin middle school and will retire at the end of the year . perry is alleged to have told students that obama is a muslim and that any parent who supports him couldn't be christian, either . a 12-year-old boy in perry's class brought the matter to the attention of his father, jimmie scott, who complained to the school .
a 'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the pacific ocean . since last june it has extended from alaska to mexico . it has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere . and a new university of washington study says it could be responsible for droughts . it found that a high-pressure ridge could be causing the blob, by trapping heat in the water . this could explain why california is experiencing its worst ever drought .
laura jordan, 24, was told her now husband, jack jordan, 23, had just weeks to live on saturday april 11 . the couple, from brixham, devon, got engaged at jack's hospital bedside just two months ago . ed sheeran even sent them a personal video in which he said: 'hope you have an amazing wedding. and drink a lot, dance a lot and have a lot of sex'
jordan spieth has won the masters four times in a row . the texan has vowed to play the rbc heritage tournament in south carolina . ian poulter, henrik stenson and sergio garcia will not play at gleneagles .
burberry poncho originated as a garment worn by south american tribes . it later featured on the back of clint eastwood in the spaghetti westerns . sales of a designer-label version carrying a personal monogram have helped . the ponchos have boosted burberry sales by 10 per cent over the winter .
rare archive photo was found in hitler fanzine from the thirties . hitler appears ill at ease with his hands, squeezing them into his tight lederhosen pockets and perching them awkwardly on his hips . hitler’s personal photographer heinrich hoffmann took many of the black and white photos for hitler’s own use . they ended up in the hitler fanzine - deutschland erwache - full of hero worship and pin-up pictures of the fuhrer .
saudi arabia's navy now controls all yemeni ports, a source says . the coalition has destroyed air defense systems of the houthis and supporters of yemen's president .
nelly is charged with felony possession of drugs, marijuana and drug paraphernalia . a state trooper pulled over the bus because it wasn't displaying stickers, authorities say .
autopilot ignored pilot's commands and tried to crash plane into sea . loganair flight from aberdeen to shetland was struck by lightning . pilot put out mayday emergency signal before regaining control .
sharmeena begum, 15, was raised by her uncle shamim miah, a devout muslim . he blames airport authorities, police and her school for letting her flee . he has turned for advice to cage, the hardline human rights group .
aberash bekele, 32, is angry at the filmmakers for using her story without her knowledge or consent . miss bekele was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage . she escaped but was put on trial for killing one of her abductors . while she was released, local elders forced her into exile away from her home and family .
jose mourinho has been trialling a formation with ramires and nemanja matic in front of the back four . mourinho has stuck with the team that it is likely to mean a more advanced role for cesc fabregas in the 'no10' position . oscar hasn't scored for chelsea since the middle of january after an alarming dip in form .
georgina chapman, 38, said she does not want the accusations tied to ambra battilana to embarrass her children or interrupt her business . 'she's furious. she thinks it's embarrassing not only to her but to their kids,' said the socialite who worked with the couple . weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting battilana during a march 27 business meeting at his tribeca office .
esteban cambiasso scored in leicester's 2-1 win against west ham . nigel pearson said cambiasso was 'outstanding' even if he hadn't scored . cambiasso has won spanish and italian league titles .
defiant 61-year-old said he had 'decades' still in him and joked that he would 'turn to drink' if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles . blair said he had been 'mentored' by us president bill clinton when he took office in 1997 .
nigel farage faced claims of a ‘cover-up’ for censoring a poll . poll suggests he is on course for a humiliating personal defeat . secret ukip-commissioned poll, leaked to mail on sunday, shows farage has fallen behind his tory opponent in kent seat he is contesting . if poll is accurate, it could end farage’s political career as he vows to resign as ukip leader if he fails to win south thanet .
mountain bike athletes were captured leaping over portland rock, an island off the coast of weymouth, dorset, on sunday . the group included professional trial bike riders jack gear, 25, andrei burton, 29, and joe seddon, 19 . they were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below as they jumped from one jagged rock to another .
liam linford oliver-christie, 29, caught with drugs under floorboards in 2013 . officers uncovered haul and 'drugs paraphernalia' with help of sniffer dog . oliver-christie today admitted two counts of possessing class a drugs .
chelsea are believed to have made an offer for yoshinori muto . muto would be the first japanese player to sign for chelsea this summer . jose mourinho admits that chelsea do consider sponsorship interests .
memphis depay is wanted by manchester united and liverpool . ronald de boer has compared his talents to those of cristiano ronaldo . bayern munich are also interested in signing the dutch international .
two college campus police officers in dallas have been placed on administrative leave after shocking video footage surfaced of them harassing a group of four students . the incident occurred at el centro college and was captured on cell phone by student charles adams, who witnessed the abuse at first hand . the school reportedly won't say why the teens were stopped and frisked, but adams said he believes the officers totally overreacted .
real madrid host rayo vallecano in la liga on wednesday night . cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in real's 9-1 win against granada . lionel messi has scored 36 goals in the league so far this season .
brae carnes of victoria, british columbia is protesting an amendment to a canadian transgender rights bill . the amendment would allow business owners to decide if they want to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding with their gender . carnes has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men's public restrooms .
dante gabriel rossetti's muse fanny cornforth died in 1909 at the age of 74 . she was born sarah cox in 1835 and was considered one of his 'stunners' she went on to pose for at least 60 of his artworks . details of where and how she died remained a mystery for years . her biographer recently tracked her down through hospital records . they revealed she died in the sussex county asylum in poverty and suffering from clear symptoms of dementia .
two passengers were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms ryndam in puerto rico . holland america says the cabin was immediately secured . the ship left tampa, florida, on march 29 on a 14-day southern caribbean cruise .
barcelona will play bayern munich in the champions league semi-finals . real madrid will play juventus in the other semi-final . napoli will play dnipro and sevilla will face fiorentina . uefa will make the europa league semi-final draw first .
world no 1 michael van gerwen beat james wade 7-0 on thursday night . gary anderson lost his top-of-the-table clash to stephen bunting 7-1 . raymond van barneveld came from behind to defeat dave chisnall . phil taylor drew 6-6 with adrian lewis in thrilling contest .
a five-year-old iranian girl has spent more than a year in australia's offshore nauru detention centre . lawyer john lawrence says she has self-harmed by swallowing shampoo and nails and has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder . the girl's father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fearing for his life and fleeing from the military police in iran . the visa can take up to three years to process according to the department of immigration .
mamadou sakho limped off in liverpool's 1-0 fa cup sixth round replay win over blackburn rovers . french defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring after a clearance on the edge of his own penalty area . kolo toure replaced sakho with emre can and martin skrtel already unavailable .
clarence taylor, 44, faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in akron, ohio last fall . taylor's 45-year-old girlfriend called police, saying he had been missing for several days . while she was on the phone with investigators, the girlfriend received a call from another of taylor's friends who said he had found him tied to a tree with zip ties in a wooded area .
liverpool lost 4-1 to manchester united at the emirates on saturday . reds face blackburn in the fa cup quarter-finals on wednesday . brendan rodgers insists his side are not in crisis despite two successive defeats against their rivals .
michael slager, 33, is accused of shooting dead walter scott, 50, after he stopped him over a broken tail light in north charleston, south carolina . he is only allowed video access to his pregnant wife jamie and an officer stands outside the booth whenever he talks to his family . slager will have to rely on photographs as cell phones and access to the internet are forbidden . he will be informed by a telephone call and have to wait to see photographs before being presented to him .
bizarre formation was photographed by amateur astronomer gordon ewen . sun spots range in size from 10 miles (16km) to 100,000 miles (160,000km) wide . each one can be more than ten times the size of our planet .
wojciech szczesny feels sorry for arsenal goalkeeper adam federici . federici let an alexis sanchez effort slip through his hands in extra-time . the mistake overshadowed a number of strong saves federici had made .
mogi mirim have hired edson cholbi do nascimento, known as edinho . edinho recently made headlines after being convicted in a money laundering case that involved a drug gang . the 44-year-old former goalkeeper was one of the assistant coaches for santos, where his father thrived in the 1960s .
zaur dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of boris nemstov . he has now spoken to a moscow court saying he was beaten and pressured . nemstov was shot in the back four times on a bridge close to the kremlin .
nestle has released an archive of images showing the evolution of the easter egg over the past 40 years . the collection includes eggs by much-loved brands like caramac, yorkie, rolo, toffee crisp, aero and even polo . easter eggs can be traced back to the years following the first world war when eggs symbolised new life and hope .
small, sooty particles, mostly caused by fumes and factory emissions, alter the structure of the brain . particles have previously been shown to cause lung damage and harmful changes in blood vessels and clotting . us researchers found evidence that living near congested roads or polluted areas can lead to ‘silent strokes’ which in turn cause shrinkage of the brain .
the 450kg beast was coated in a yellow marinade before being lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln . momin hopur, a uighur celebrity chef, spent five hours cooking the camel at the annual apricot tourism festival . the kiln was built specially with more than 10,000 bricks, yellow mud and salt .
memorial site urges visitors to book online ahead of time to avoid congestion . just 30 people are allowed to visit auschwitz i - the original camp at any one time .
sjaak rijke was abducted by al qaeda in mali in november 2011 . french military said the rescue took place at 5am today in the north . french president francois hollande said some militants were killed . but there was no immediate word on the fate of two abducted at the same time .
real madrid bounced back from their el clasico defeat by barcelona with a thumping 9-1 win at the bernabeu on easter sunday . gareth bale opened the scoring for the visitors before cristiano ronaldo scored a hat-trick in the first half . diego mainz scored an own goal in the 83rd minute to give the visitors the lead .
teacher aaron galloway, 23, was on a half-term city break to prague . he left his £499 nikon camera on the seat as he landed in prague . ryanair steward fernando miguel andrade viseu spotted the listing . he begged aaron not to tell police when he replied to a message . viseu admitted being a flight attendant and was charged with theft .
jonny howson put norwich ahead early in the second half . the midfielder smashed home to put his side in control . graham dorrans sealed the tie with a late penalty .
terry martin, 48, shot his girlfriend laurice hampton, 48, after she asked for half of his winnings . but hampton, critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest, was able to call 911 about 6:30am saturday to report the shootings before she died . responding officers found the couple inside their master bedroom at their home on beaty street in fort worth, texas . martin was pronounced dead from a gunshot wound to the head .
london mayor says ukip supporters are in 'psychological conflict' over snp . warns a vote for ukip would be a 'vote for ed miliband' in 'catastrophe' for the country . johnson campaigned in thanet south, the seat where nigel farage is standing .
yoshinori muto scored the winner against shonan bellmare last week . chelsea president naoki ogane claims the blues have made an offer . muto is keen to join a club where he will play regularly .
alastair cook passed alec stewart's 8,463 runs to become england's second highest test run-scorer . cook had watched west indies' last pair of devendra bishoo and shannon gabriel add an unlikely 52 to undo much of the good work provided by stuart broad . cook and jonathan trott were both under pressure after their failures in antigua .
liz smith, 92, claims barry diller asked her in 1992: 'do you think i should come out?' but that he 'worships' his wife diane von furstenberg, who smith says 'worships' her . smith started her career in new york city when she was just 25 . the gossip columnist is now naming names of celebrities she never printed .
david cameron made the blunder on a campaign visit to devon this morning . he quickly got into a muddle about the devon and cornish way of eating a scone . mr cameron risked the wrath of purists by claiming 'it all tastes the same' .
biosure hiv self test enables people to test themselves when and where they like . an estimated 26,000 people in the uk have hiv but are unaware of it . tests use a small amount of blood from a finger-prick sample to detect hiv antibodies, giving a result in just 15 minutes . founder brigette bard said it is a significant step towards normalising hiv testing .
eugenie bouchard crashed out of the miami open to tatjana maria in the second round . the canadian has a 6-4 win-lose record this year and has struggled since reaching the quarter-finals of the australian open in january . bouchard posed for pictures with sports illustrated cover model hannah davis and beach volleyball star kerri walsh jennings .
floyd mayweather jnr took to the pool to continue his training routine . manny pacquiao took to the mountains on saturday to test his fitness . the mega-fight is expected to break the pay-per-view record of $152million .
david cameron pledges to deliver effective 'home rule' for england . mps will have same powers to set rates agreed for scotland following referendum . english, welsh and northern irish mps will be able to set separate rate of income tax to that in scotland .
pete bennett, 33, from brighton, won the channel 4 show in 2006 . he revealed he is now homeless and spends every night sofa surfing . he believes that his appearance on big brother kicke started a range of problems that led to a dependency on the class b drug ketamine . seven of his friends have died in the last nine years from drug-related incidents .
sheriff mbye, 18, died after receiving multiple stab wounds on friday . police called to kfc restaurant in northfield, birmingham, shortly after 5pm . officers found a 19-year-old man who also suffered serious stab wounds . mr mbye was dropped off at queen elizabeth hospital in birmingham . but the 18-year-old died in hospital two hours later . another 18-year-old has been arrested on suspicion of murder .
shay given will start for aston villa against liverpool at wembley on sunday . the 38-year-old has been selected each round of the fa cup this season . given has kept two clean-sheets in all four of villa's fa cup matches .
jemma gawned, 40, is the 'polar opposite' of the person she was in her teens and early twenties . the byron bay-based woman now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called naked treaties . the naked treaties brand sells products out of its juice bar while supplying to hundreds of other stores . all the ingredients in her products are raw, vegan, organic and ethically sourced .
jacques burger received a one-week ban for striking maxime machenaud . the flanker will be available to face clermont auvergne on april 18 . burger will miss saracens' aviva premiership appointment with play-off rivals leicester on saturday .
corporal christian walmsley was found dead in his flat in bolton . he had served in the first gulf war, bosnia, angola and northern ireland . the 42-year-old had witnessed 'significant violence only soldiers experience' he was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder after retiring from the army . he was also diagnosed with depression and fibromyalgia . for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local s
harry kane scored his 20th premier league goal of the season against newcastle . the tottenham striker is nominated for both the pfa player and young player of the season awards . kane is up against the likes of eden hazard and alexis sanchez for the top prize .
latoya tilson, 33, 'fired into crowd in college park, georgia, on saturday' one bullet struck 17-year-old boy in buttocks, another hit 15-year-old son, pierre . pierre had apparently been trying to protect his sister, 13, from the other boy . when first responders arrived at scene, boy was lying unconscious on floor . he was not breathing and bullet was lodged in his head, police said . on saturday night, tilson was arrested on several charges, including
the 61-year-old new jersey senator has pleaded not guilty to eight counts of bribery related to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon dr salomon melgen, 60 . perhaps the most embarrassing of the accusations is that menendez used his influence to get visas for married melgen's multiple young lovers abroad . menendez and melgen met at a fundraiser in 1993, shortly after menendez was voted into the senate .
four koalas have been sent from australia as a gift to singapore . paddle, pellita, chan and idalia were served refreshments and eucalyptus leaves . the koalas will be on loan for six months at a purpose-built enclosure in singapore zoo . the loan aims to symbolise the relationship between australia and singapore .
the lockheed c-130 hercules is the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history . it's the star of this week's no. 1 car chase movie, "furious 7"
nick cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to mariah carey . mariah rejected nick's numerous demands for a $30 million divorce settlement so now he's writing the book - and there is nothing she can do about it because he already signed the deal last week with major publishing company simon and schuster . nick is being very vengeful, dating other women in public including michael strahan's ex, a source says .
brad haddin was criticised for his send-off of martin guptill . james faulkner mocked grant elliott after his dismissal . darren lehmann insists haddin was following team orders .
colin cromie, 49, told xara grogan, 29, they should jet to barcelona for a break . but when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured . mr cromie became increasingly hostile and unfriendly, tribunal heard . he would snatch instruments from her in surgery and be 'abrupt and rude'
vanessa moe's debut collection at mercedes benz fashion week australia featured plastic headwear . the brazilian-born designer was one of six newbies selected to present their designs to a global audience .
the image was re-posted to twitter on sunday by an anti-isis activist in syria . it shows a newborn baby sleeping next to a grenade, a handgun and what appears to be a birth certificate . the image has yet to be verified but bears strong resemblance to earlier isis propaganda .
data partnership bosses admit ignoring official no-call list meant to protect vulnerable . they said they could never be honest with people about consequences of passing on personal information because then no one would answer their calls . various firms offered to sell personal information using data from lifestyle surveys completed by people who had been cold-called from overseas .
leonardo jardim believes juventus are a better team than arsenal . arsenal boss arsene wenger refused to shake jardim's hand during defeat . monaco face juventus in champions league quarter-final on tuesday .
edmund echukwu, 35, died at party in radlett, hertfordshire, last friday . witnesses said he was in water with a woman when he got into difficulties . he was pronounced dead at watford general hospital after emergency services were called .
world's leading showjumping and dressage horses reach las vegas for the world cup finals . vegas hosts the finals for the sixth time since first hosting showjumping in 2000 . organizers believe more than 80,000 fans will attend this week's event, which boasts an $8 million budget .
on monday the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old sapphyre johnson who is missing both of her feet . 'he's just like me!,' the toddler exclaimed with joy the first time she ever saw a photo of lt. dan . lt. dan was named after a character in forest gump who lost both of his legs .
kim jong-un learned to drive aged three and won yacht race aged nine . bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across north korea . perhaps unsurprisingly, manual contains now mention of country's history . instead devoting chapters to minor – and questionable – details about dictator . subjects include kim's incredible ability to drive a year as a toddler .
council inspectors also found filthy food preparation areas at the takeaway . kunaratnam kunanatha, 36, admitted seven offences under food safety . he was fined £14,500 and ordered to pay £2,793 in costs .
more than a third of nhs trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments . some have admitted they may impose 'eligibility' rules which could affect smokers as well as the overweight . procedures affected include varicose vein treatment, hip and knee replacement, and breast reduction surgery . others said smokers might be denied some treatments, most commonly ivf .
psychologists from goldsmiths university in london and ohio state university studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries . they found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in children’s motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents . the twins’ shared environment - elements such as the teachers and the family that they had in common - would be a larger factor than genetics . genetics and non-shared-environment factors had the largest effect on the children’s motivation to learn .
john pat cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the army in benburb, co armagh, in 1974 . dennis hutchings, 73, has been charged with attempted murder . he appeared at omagh magistrates court in co tyrone today and was released on bail .
gary saurage, 45, who runs the gator country wildlife park in beaumont, texas, was called out on monday morning to catch a giant 400lb, 11ft-long alligator . a photograph of the capture - later posted to facebook - shows saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards . saurage later reported that the gator was safely hauled out of the pond, although it took a bit of work as it was being particularly 'aggressive'
this is according to sean raymond, an astrophysicist with the laboratoire d'astrophysique de bordeaux in france . a planet needs to keep warm for liquid water to form, and without the sun, this heat would have to come from its interior . a layer of ice on a planet's surface can act as a strong insulator, locking in a planet's heat .
michael van gerwen beat raymond van barneveld 7-2 in dublin last week . dutch darts pair posed with daley blind and robin van persie at old trafford . the pair are undefeated in the premier league darts competition .
capybara joejoe lives in las vegas with his owner cody kennedy . the rodent sits perfectly still in the bath while three ducklings stand on its head and body .
a high-level ministerial briefing reveals an 'unprecedented' number of australians could face the death penalty in china for drug smuggling . the revelation follows widespread public anger at indonesia's executions of australian nationals myuran sukumaran and andrew chan . it also comes as one of the few australians known to be facing death row in china - sydney man peter gardner - had his case pushed forward by six months .
alan smith suffered a broken leg and dislocated ankle in 2006 fa cup clash . smith was travelling to hospital after blocking john arne riise's free-kick . liverpool fans threw bottles, beer glasses and stones at the ambulance . but smith has rubbished claims that fans attacked the ambulance .
salty dog 502 is one of two unmanned carrier air vehicle demonstrators (ucas-d) on the navy's x-47b program . it plugged its in-flight refuelling probe into the hose of an omega air kc-707 tanker off the coast of maryland . drone is the size of an f/a-18 super hornet, weighs in at 44,000 lb (20,000kg) and has a 62ft (20m) wingspan .
sculpture was commissioned by uktv to mark third series of sherlock . took over 250 man hours to complete and weighs 40kg .
martina hingis lost 6-4, 6-0 to agnieszka radwanska in the fed cup . it was the former world no 1's first return to singles since 2007 . hingis was persuaded to play because of injuries in the swiss team .
a jury convicts benjamin mcnamee, aaron golson and darryl cearnel of manslaughter and hazing . robert champion, 26, died after a band hazing ritual in which he was beaten aboard a school bus .
serena williams beat sabine lisicki 7-6, 1-6, 6-3 on wednesday . world no 1 will face romania's simona halep in the semi-finals . andy murray won his 500th match with a cake presented to him .
jenna louise driscoll was due to appear at brisbane magistrates court on monday but didn't show up . the 25-year-old was charged with seven drug charges, one of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality with her dog . she was remanded on bail to appear at the court last week, and did not show, and again on monday for the matters to he heard . police have issued an arrest warrant after her second failed to show .
scientists at sheffield university identified six different types of obese person . the distinction, they hope, will allow for tailor-made treatments . researchers analysed people with bmi of 30 or more - a recognised measure of obesity . they found obese people fall into one of six categories: 'heavy drinking males' .
manchester city host manchester united in the premier league on sunday . manuel pellegrini says he is not impressed by united's rise up the table . pellegrini points out united's expensive signings such as angel di maria, radamel falcao, ander herrera, juan mata and daley blind .
lord janner signed letter saying he wanted to remain a peer on april 9 . he has not attended the lords since raid on his north london home in 2013 . cps announced he would escape prosecution over child sex allegations . but it has emerged he was apparently well enough to sign his name .
rené dee watched as his wife eileen, 68, slipped away just days after catching bug . she had been battling cancer at the royal sussex county hospital in brighton . traces of the drug-resistant bacteria pseudomonas aeruginosa were found in water running from the tap and in the shower drain . eileen died five days later from the potentially lethal infection .
manny pacquiao wrote and recorded lalaban ako para sa filipino for his walk-out music when he fights floyd mayweather . jimmy kimmel has performed the song on his show jimmy kimmel live . kimmel said he humbly submitted the song for consideration at next year's grammy awards .
andy murray's wedding to long-term girlfriend kim sears will take place on april 11 in his hometown of dunblane, scotland . novak djokovic, alex ferguson and james corden are among those expected to attend . kim is renowned for championing british designers and has the ability to sell out items immediately after she's worn them .
andre cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in missouri . his fate was sealed after the u.s. supreme court turned down several appeals, including one claiming cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution . cole declined to order a last meal and received the day's inmate tray meal of a turkey and bologna sandwich, a cookie and fruit punch .
new england patriots beat seattle seahawks 28-24 to win super bowl xlix . president barack obama welcomed them to the white house on thursday . quarterback tom brady was nowhere to be seen at the white house . a spokesman for the patriots said 'prior family commitments' were the reason why brady didn't attend the visit .
rodney todd, 36, and his seven children were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in their princess anne, maryland, home monday afternoon . the adult victim was father of seven todd sr, who was using a generator when the power company cut off their electricity . the children were identified as cameron todd, 13, zycheim todd, 7; and tynijuiza todd, 15, and tykira todd, 12 . todd had seven children, including five girls and two
dalian wanda group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of atletico madrid . the purchase was formalised at an extraordinary general meeting on tuesday . the legal team representing wanda madrid investment signed off on the purchase of 726,707 shares for €45million (£32.8m)
cassey ho has hit back at critics who call her 'too fat', 'ugly' and 'pudgy' in a new video, she highlights the cruel comments left by viewers of her fitness-focused clips . the california fitness star has over two million youtube subscribers .
kenneth morgan stancil iii, 20, was arrested around 1.30 a.m. on tuesday when he was seen sleeping in daytona beach, florida . the arrest came nearly 24 hours after he allegedly walked into wayne county community college in goldsboro and shot dead the print shop director, ron lane . lane, who had worked at the college for 18 years, had supervised stancil under a work-study program but is believed to have recently fired him 
a man was shot dead in new york city wednesday night as he fled from the scene of an alleged crime . members of the new york police department claim the man, 30, opened fire in the queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar . when he turned around to do so again he was shot dead . officers say they did recover a weapon from the scene .
ian walters, 51, allegedly veered his 4x4 off the m1 and into a line of trees . tracy walters died in hospital two days after the high-speed crash . walters denies murder and the trial continues at leicester crown court .
florent malouda picks his #one2eleven stars on sky sports' fantasy football club . the former chelsea winger chose players from chelsea, guingamp and the france national team . malouda picked chelsea goalkeeper petr cech to start in between the sticks .
henry rayhons, 78, is preparing to stand trial in iowa for sexually abusing his wife, who died last august . the couple, both previously widowed, married seven years ago in their northern iowa hometown . donna lou rayhons, 78, was moved into a nursing home last year, suffering from dementia and alzheimers .
australia's involvement in the first world war was contested from the outset . the great war itself was divisive, a reality belied by today's bland, blanket coverage of "the anzac spirit"
geraldine jones, 36, of gary, indiana, was charged monday with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement . samantha fleming, 23, and her three-week-old baby serenity went missing from her home in anderson, indiana, on april 5 . jones told fleming she worked for the indiana department of child services and needed to attend a hearing . when police arrived, fleming's daughter was being held by jones' sister .
video shows men kneeling in the middle of a dusty road in deir ez-zor, syria . they are blindfolded and filmed in the back of a moving van . one by one the prisoners are beheaded by a fighter dressed in black . comes one day after isis claimed to have shot and beheaded 30 ethiopian christians in libya .
self-confessed atheist labour leader visited a christian group in croydon . he bowed his head while church leaders 'put their hands forward towards ed' last year mr miliband described himself as a 'jewish atheist' but all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups in the scramble to win votes .
a third of the escapees have links to al qaeda . yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since houthi rebels removed hadi .
britt mchenry, 28, was suspended for a week after the april 6 video emerged showing her attacking tow clerk gina michelle for her looks and social status . the single mother-of-three's car had been towed from a chinese restaurant in virginia . mchenry resorted to insulting the employee's looks, intelligence, and social status . the network has reinstated her to her role with a spot on sportscenter this weekend .
johnny debnam, 29, was free diving off the coast of western australia . he was completely enveloped underneath the 150 kilogram stingray . the ray nibbled at mr debnam's head, while he held his breath . mr debnam says he relished every minute of the wonderful experience .
max maisel went missing on february 21 after his car was found abandoned . the 21-year-old's body was spotted by a fisherman on monday . his family have owned a five-bedroom vacation house near lake ontario . they said he loved anime, japanese comics and short animation .
stacy maitai had to give up her job in perth in order to care for her son full-time . she has been forced to survive on welfare funding of $90 a week . the 28-year-old is not eligible for further financial assistance as she is not an australian citizen . about 15 to 20 cases of pallister killian syndrome are known to be in australia .
katie hopkins used language similar to that employed by some rwandan media . un's zeid ra'ad al husein urged britain to crack down on tabloids . he said the article was reflective of a 'nasty underbelly of racism' .
tykeran hamilton, 25, drove around gloucester after a night drinking and taking drugs . he leaned out of the window and shouted 'watch this' before accelerating . he crashed into cyclist alan knight, 64, who was crossing the road . mr knight, a father-of-four and grandfather-of-14, died instantly at the scene . hamilton has been jailed for 11 years at bristol crown court .
french model starring in a television film for garnier is filmed as she 'ages' an average of five years throughout a typical working day . parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40 . both images are judged independently by people on the parisian streets .
homes with waitrose nearby cost £38,831 more than those in surrounding areas . but having aldi or lidl on doorstep means house could sell for less . lloyds bank investigated average house prices in postal districts .
larry kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles . in volume one of his two part book 'the american people,' kramer says that abraham lincoln was gay and his killer john wilkes booth was actually lincoln's spurned gay lover . 'we know that abraham lincoln was gay,' kramer said .
cape verde is seeking to tap-in to the spoils of its rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish . the former portuguese territory was once a key location for the transatlantic slave trade . cape verde has had to look for alternative sectors to aid its development .
camera has been pointing at house in handsworth, birmingham . it had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists . but it has not been working for more than two years .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge . eden hazard scored the only goal of the game at stamford bridge . jose mourinho's side need two wins from their last six matches to claim the premier league title .
muslim engagement and development said to be able to influence 30 seats . group reportedly boasted that they can act as 'kingmakers' in general election . group wants to let british muslims fight in syria without fear of prosecution .
jarret stoll, 32, was arrested on suspicion of drug possession at the mgm grand hotel in las vegas on friday . security found 3.3 grams of cocaine and 8.1 grams of molly in his swim trunks . stoll is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars co-host erin andrews, 36 .
lauren hill, 19, was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma, a rare form of brain cancer, in september . doctors told her she would not live past december, but she played four games for mount st. joseph university in cincinnati and raised more than $1.5 million for research . but as her condition worsened, she became an honorary coach and earlier this year, she moved to cincinnati children's hospital, where she passed away on friday .
australia will face england and wales in pool a of the world cup . michael cheika is aware that his pack is being written off for the tournament . cheika says england have 'powerful runners' in ben youngs, care and wigglesworth .
southampton sit seventh in the premier league on 53 points . saints have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches . ronald koeman's side face hull city on saturday .
maura pally, acting ceo of the clinton foundation, apologized for 'mistakes' in how it disclosed donors amid growing scrutiny . pally said the foundation had 'mistakenly combined' government grants and donations . she said the total revenue was reported accurately and grants were properly broken out on audited statements on its website . clinton giustra enterprise partnership received more than $2million in donations from the canadian chairman of uranium one, ian telfer, when it was being sold to russia .
san antonio spurs beat houston rockets 110-98 on wednesday . victory leaves nba's southwest division split by half a game . memphis rockets drew level with rockets by inflicting new orleans' heaviest defeat of the season . cleveland secured both the central division title and no.2 seed in the conference by defeating milwaukee .
corey edwards, five, was born with a congenital heart defect . he endured eight traumatic open heart surgeries to save his life . his parents jemma, 21, and craig, 28, had been engaged for years . but ill health put their plans on hold and he died five days later .
seattle's sodo neighborhood has around 30 rvs that float in and out of the parking lot . the unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist anna erickson . john worden, 52, has been living in his $200 car for years after his apartment burned down and he was left homeless .
n'golo kante is attracting interest from arsenal, newcastle and southampton . caen are willing to sell the midfielder for around £5million . marseille have been in constant contact with caen over signing the 24-year-old .
boris majnaric, 75, of south jordan, utah, built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 . he went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit . majnaric, who was so fond of his flock he once delivered cpr to an ailing member, was not present for the demolition .
around 50 obese pupils at jianxin primary school, eastern china, are sent to special kung fu panda classes to help them lose weight . teachers set up the classes after a survey revealed 5% of the school's 800 pupils were obese, including one 11-year-old who weighs in at 180lbs . the school insists that the classes focus on making fitness fun .
alexander soumbadze, 26, charged with eight counts of possessing child pornography . police in maryland have launched a manhunt for the georgian national . soumbadze admitted to trading and receiving child pornography earlier this month . investigators recovered videos of the martial arts teacher inappropriately touching and engaging in sexual acts with adolescent males .
carlo ancelotti's real madrid face granada in the la liga clash on sunday . james rodriguez has been out of action since the beginning of february . the former monaco playmaker has been named in the real starting xi .
bristol county sheriff thomas hodgson said hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen . hernandez was convicted april 15 of the 2013 killing of odin lloyd, who was dating the sister of hernandez's fiancee . he will ultimately end up at the maximum-security souza-baranowski state prison .
manchester united travel to chelsea in the premier league on saturday . louis van gaal faces a number of selection dilemmas ahead of the clash . wayne rooney, robin van persie and juan mata among stars on train .
ian walters veered off m1 on way back from 'make or break' trip with wife tracy . 51-year-old's mitsubishi l200 ploughed through undergrowth before hitting tree . mrs walters, 48, died two days after the crash in march last year . walters charged with her murder two months later ten days after funeral .
witnesses told police that pastor aracely meza, 49, and the boy's parents believed he had a 'demon' inside of him, and that he was starved for 25 days . church member nazareth zurita said the toddler, whose name has not been released, fell and hit his head several times, but she hesitated to help him 'due to his demon possession' in the shocking video, meza places oil on the child's head while reciting prayers as she holds him in her arms . police believe the child was dead during
zara, 33, welcomed daughter mia grace with husband mike tindall last year . the queen's granddaughter is vying for a place on team gb at the rio olympics . zara has revealed how she got her fitness back after the birth .
ruben costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a police officer . he was only handed a two-month suspended sentence . the incident occurred when the northern territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him, taking their son and possessions . the father pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone, claiming he needed the assistance of taxi drivers in the area . magistrate cavanagh told the darwin magistrates court that costa’s actions were ‘devious and dishonest’ .
the game between the baltimore orioles and chicago white sox will be closed to the public . it follows the postponement of monday's and tuesday's games against the white sox .
auckland coastguards received an unusual call out to a homemade boat race that saw a couch strapped to a few tyres and a floating subaru car . coastguards took to the water near gulf harbour, off auckland's whangaparaoa peninsula . one vessel capsized outside of the harbour, causing three people to have a bit of a paddle, however no one was injured .
the new york yankees and boston red sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite team . the texas rangers and atlanta braves also have fans across a wide area in the south . the graph, created by facebook, uses profile likes and then breaks the individuals down by country to determine a winner .
floyd mayweather jr will take on manny pacquiao at the mgm grand on saturday . mayweather has spent his adult life over-compensating for the deprivation he once knew . he has tossed handfuls of $100 bills into the air at a strip club and hurled wads of cash into a swimming pool so he could amuse himself by watching girls dive to retrieve them . the mouthguard he will wear will cost $25,000 and is inlaid with a $100 bill .
kevin wimmer is wanted by tottenham in a £4.4million deal from cologne . austria defender has impressed marcel koller at white hart lane . wimmer says it would be a 'dream' to join a top club like spurs .
researchers sequenced the microbiomes of yanomami people living in a remote amazon village in venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-yanomami . found that yanomami harbor microbiomes with the highest diversity of bacteria and genetic functions ever reported in a human group .
jimmy abdou scored the only goal of the game in the 75th minute . wigan's martyn waghorn was sent off for a senseless kick at dan harding . millwall's magaye gueye doubled their lead in the 90th minute . wigan's david forde made sure of all three points with a fine finish .
rangers crashed to a second championship defeat of the season at palmerston . derek lyle, gavin reilly and a lee wallace own goal gave queen of the south’s play-off hopes a massive boost . new manager stuart mccall expects his players to bounce back in sunday’s home meeting with raith rovers .
robert bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter for the shooting death of eric harris, 44, on april 2 . sheriff stanley glanz and bates' own legal team have repeatedly produced records which they claim prove he was an 'advanced reserve' and had undergone 480 hours training . however, when asked to produce proof that bates was certified to use three weapons, the sheriff's office says they have been unable to find the paperwork 
thierry henry, samuel eto'o and lionel messi scored 38 goals in 2009 . luis suarez scored 19 goals in barcelona's 2-0 win against valencia . messi, suarez and neymar are seven goals short of reaching 100 . gareth bale, cristiano ronaldo and karim benzema have all scored 86 .
angelina jolie briefed the un security council on friday as special envoy for the u.n. on refugee issues . when asked about jolie's briefing, syria's u.n. ambassador bashar ja'afari responded: 'she is beautiful' the un reports that about 440,000 people are besieged in syria .
mexican archaeologist sergio gomez has been excavating a pre-aztec pyramid in teotihuacan, mexico, for six years . earlier this month he found 'large quantities' of liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for 1,800 years . if gomez is right, it could help settle a debate over how power was wielded in the ancient city .
gilmore gas station was a backdrop for was listed as a los angeles cultural monument in 1992, but was soon after left to vandals and graffiti artists . coffee giant starbucks bought the garage in los angeles last year and have now finished its transformation into a drive through coffee shop . opened in 1935 by gilmore oil, which was then the largest independent oil company on the west coast, the art deco building served the drivers of hollywood until it was abandoned in the 1990s .
ivan rakitic and his wife raquel mauri have posted a selfie on instagram . lionel messi also posted a picture of his wife having her stomach kissed . rakitic earns millions playing for barcelona .
daniel sturridge has played just 12 league games for liverpool this season . the england international has struggled with a hip problem . brendan rodgers wants to sign a striker who can 'play every week' .
liftoff of the 208ft (63 metre) tall falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm edt/2033gmt from cape canaveral air force station in florida . poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2-minute mark . spacex will now attempt to launch the uncrewed falcon 9 rocket from cape canaveral at 4:10 pm et tomorrow .
two adjoining 'his and hers' mansions have gone on the market for £13million . standing just a few feet apart, the beachfront homes are identical . boast an indoor swimming pool, four storeys and stunning sea views . but one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom .
llallawavis scagliai has been named after argentina's naturalist galileo juan scaglia . palaeontologists say it is the most complete skeleton of a 'terror bird' they say it would have had powerful jaws but limited hearing . it was so well preserved that scientists have been able to study part of the bird's auditory system and its trachae . while it had a terrifying apperance, its hearing was probably below average compared to birds living today .
lindsay jo rimer was 13 when she went missing from hebden bridge in 1994 . her body was found in rochdale canal five months later weighing 20lb . her sister kate has spoken of her family's agony as they struggle to find her killer . she said: 'from the beginning we have been filled with grief and we cannot stop the grief and instead remember her with love until this comes to an end' detectives are still searching for the 'golden nugget' to bring justice to her family .
ian gibson joined h and g contracting services ltd as plane refueller . 60-year-old had kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago . claims he was subjected to a tirade of 'horrible harassment' by colleague . mike baldwin told employment tribunal mr gibson bullied him about disability . mr gibson said he was offered temporary admin role but was not told .
saige, five, who's from the us, concludes the passionate rant by declaring she will move out and stay with her mum's best friend . her mother refuses to take the threat seriously and just laughs at her daughter, responding: 'no you're not'
amanda butler, 42, had enjoyed a totally normal pregnancy until waters broke . her son callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin . he underwent heart surgery, a lumbar puncture, laser eye surgery and 10 blood transfusions . mrs butler later discovered her premature labour had been triggered by an infection called bacterial vaginosis (bv) bv affects one in three women, making it twice as common as thrush .
michelle mone bought two-storey property in park circus area of glasgow for £780,700 after splitting from husband michael in 2011 . the 43-year-old spent months renovating the three-bedroom property which has been 'impeccably refurbished' it features a grand staircase and magnificent reception hall leading to a modern fully integrated kitchen and drawing room . the master suite comes with its own wet room and each of the three high-ceilings bedrooms have been kitted out with lavish headboards .
jodi arias was sentenced to life in prison on monday for the murder of her ex-boyfriend travis alexander in 2008 . arias killed alexander in a jealous rage because he wanted to break off their relationship, prosecutors said . she shot and stabbed him 30 times in his phoenix home before fleeing to utah to meet up with another romantic interest . arias initially denied any involvement in the murder, but changed her story and said it was self-defense after alexander attacked her on
birmingham airport could be rebranded 'shakespeare's airport' in the u.s. airport could also be called 'birmingham london' as the hs2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital - only ten minutes further than terminal 5 at heathrow .
jack wilshere came through the 4-1 win over stoke city unscathed . alex iwobi scored a hat-trick for arsenal in the under 21 premier league . mikel arteta and abou diaby were also on the scoresheet at the emirates .
ceara lynch, 28, from portland, oregon, says her career began when she realized how much money she could make from selling her used underwear online . her first pair sold for $70 .
inside harley street is famed for attracting business from those who don't have to consider the cost . some customers spend thousands on private cosmetic treatments . michael pulman, 33, from walsall, spent £7,500 on a hair transplant . andrea carter, 72, from leighton buzzard, had her baggy jowls removed .
scientists at queen mary university of london have found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile daspletosaurus, which lived around 75 million years ago . some of the injuries appear to have been sustained during combat with other tyrannosaurs, but others appear to have occurred after death . scientists believe another daspletosaurus, which could grow to nine metres (30ft) as adults and weigh up to four tons, fed on the youngster's body .
ben stokes and marlon samuels clashed repeatedly on the pitch . samuels taunted stokes, saying england players 'don't learn' . samuels also had an angry exchange with jimmy anderson three years ago .
robert bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting death of eric harris on april 2 . his 16-year-old son aidan fraley says his father's killer should never have been on the tulsa police force . fraley's mother, who calls harris her 'soulmate', has already forgiven his killer .
sergio aguero opened the scoring for manchester united at old trafford . louis van gaal used all his substitutes before michael carrick came off . the united boss blamed himself for finishing the game with 10 men .
the map was created using data from nasa’s tropical rainfall measuring mission satellite and the orbview-1/microlab satellite . it shows the average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometer from 1995 to 2013 . highest amounts of lightning occur in the far eastern democratic republic of congo and lake maracaibo in northwestern venezuela .
zach birnie was skiing with a friend in revelstoke, canada . he films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet . the man begins to panic and a minor avalanche occurs behind him . panicking, the skier attempts to come to a stop, but the snow continues to push him down the mountain .
conor mcgregor takes on jose aldo in las vegas on july 11 . aldo makes his eighth defence of his belt against mcgregor . mcgregor says aldo 'can't hide the fact he doesn't want the belt in his presence'
veins were found at a site called 'garden city' on the slopes of mount sharp . they stick up from the rock by up to 6cm (2.5 inches) scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in mars' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded, much softer bedrock .
esther mcvey has called on ed miliband to condemn the 'scurrilous' campaign . employment minister has been branded 'murderer mcvey' in graffiti . she won her wirral west seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436 .
stuart pearce believes manuel pellegrini should be given more time . manchester city face a battle to even finish in the top four this season . pearce blamed yaya toure for city's poor run of form .
jason denayer joined celtic on loan from manchester city on tuesday . the 19-year-old has impressed for the tigers this season . manuel pellegrini has confirmed that the club are looking to invest in homegrown players .
audrey dimitrew, 16, of virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 chantilly juniors in november believing she would get playing time . however, she was benched first two tournaments of the season and was told her skills were not up to par to compete with the team . she chose to transfer teams and found another club, nv premier, who wanted her but the league cried foul and said no to a transfer . audrey and her family are suing the chesapeake region volleyball association .
moeen ali injured himself during england's failed world cup campaign . the off-spinning all-rounder was not selected for the caribbean squad . england left open the possibility of moeen joining up later in the month-long tour .
vincent kompany says his mum halted a move to manchester united . belgian international broke into anderlecht's first team at 17-years-old . sir alex ferguson was keen to bring kompany to old trafford .
lionel messi has scored 32 la liga hat-tricks so far this season . the barcelona star can't remember which games he's played . messi will lead the line for barcelona when they face psg on wednesday .
svetlana lokhova, 33, was driven to a breakdown by a campaign of sexual harassment by bullying male colleagues . workmates falsely accused her of being a cocaine user and dubbed her ‘miss bonkers’ . miss lokhova won her legal claim that she was the victim of sexual harassment and unfairly forced to leave her £750,000-a-year role . she was awarded £3.14million for lost earnings, £44,000 for hurt feelings and £15,000 in aggravated damages .
kerry: "each and every one of us has the right to speak out against sexual harassment" authorities detained the women in three cities -- beijing, guangzhou and hangzhou . protesters in several cities have called for their release .
towie star joey essex met ukip leader nigel farage in grimsby this morning . essex said farage is a 'really, really reem guy' before boarding a boat . mr farage said: 'i think that's good... i'm not sure' .
stefan johansen picked up two awards at celtic player of the year awards . the norwegian midfielder shared the award with captain scott brown . celtic went eight points clear of aberdeen at the top of the scottish premiership .
the two-storey brick hospital building in zhengzhou, central china, was under threat of demolition as it is situated in the path of a road expansion project . hospital bosses decided to save time and money and employ a team of engineers to put 'wheels' on the building . the engineers aim to 'push' the entire structure south by 17.5 metres to its new, designated spot, away from the demolition zone .
julie ronayne was left 'looking like michelin man' following botched surgery . her husband edward was awarded £9,000 in compensation for nervous shock . he claimed he suffered a psychiatric injury from seeing his wife's appearance . nhs is now fighting to overturn the £9,000 compensation payout .
big ben was born at a farm near melton mowbray, leicestershire . he is twice the weight of the average new-born .
a federal jury in salt lake city awarded more than $270,000 to marcia eisenhour after finding that former justice court judge craig storey violated her right to equal protection . storey wrote in 2007 'i'd love to harvest your sweet grapes,' and called eisenhour the 'most gorgeous thing alive' . crucial to the case was a meeting ms eisenhour had with the court judge in july 2008 after she had seen the love note .
newcastle goalkeeper tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe at half-time during the wear-tyne derby . sportsmail's jamie carragher criticised krul for his half-time actions . krul was part of holland's world cup squad last summer .
wei guiyi, 76, guides blind husband huang funeng, 80, with bamboo sticks . huang lost his sight to a degenerative eye condition in 1985 . guiyi has her own hunchback condition caused by osteoporosis .
bailey murrill, of denton, texas, had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days . she lost all feeling from the waist down and took 11 days to recover . her favorite nurse came to see her and decided to surprise her . she screamed and then hugged her as she stood on her own for the first time .
manchester city lost 4-2 at old trafford to manchester united on sunday . the result leaves them fourth in the premier league table . pablo zabaleta admits city are facing a battle to finish in the top four .
andy king scored his 50th goal for leicester against west ham on saturday . nigel pearson admits survival is still a 'big ask' for the foxes . leicester remain at the bottom of the premier league table .
sir james dyson is investing £10 million in u.s.-based battery experts sakti3 . the 67-year-old entrepreneur is supporting the company as it attempts to double the battery life of our phones, electric cars and vacuums . scientists at stanford university are hoping that their newly invented aluminium battery will revolutionise the industry . earlier this month, apple was left red-faced when it was revealed how quickly its new iwatch ran out of power .
sunderland lost 4-0 to crystal palace at the stadium of light on saturday . yannick bolasie scored a hat-trick to help crystal palace to victory . steven fletcher and jermain defoe scored in the second-half for palace .
newcastle lost 1-0 to sunderland in the tyne-wear derby on saturday . jermain defoe scored a stunning volley in stoppage time to secure victory . john carver admits he was 'embarrassed' by newcastle's poor start .
lloyd dennis has been charged with a string of sexual offences against children . the 32-year-old is accused of 28 offences including rape and sexual activity with a child . among the schools where he has taught is bishop’s waltham junior school and cadland primary in the new forest .
after a large amount of rain, four rainbows appeared across the new york area . a cnn weather producer says it would be a double rainbow reflected in the sky .
arsenal drew 1-1 with chelsea in the london derby at the emirates . cesc fabregas scored the only goal of the game for the gunners . graeme souness and jamie carragher were also on the scoresheet .
muslims from the ivory coast, mali and senegal threw 12 fellow migrants overboard, police say . the 12 who died were from nigeria and ghana, police say .
cnn reported tuesday that the hackers were able to access real-time, non-public schedule of president obama, which is regarded as highly sensitive information . in october 2014, the white house acknowledged that there had been suspicious activity on its unclassified network serving the executive office . a six-month investigation into the breach reportedly uncovered evidence pointing to hackers working on behalf of russian president vladimir putin's government .
nottinghamshire reached 393-7 on opening day of lv= county championship match . alex hales scored 222 not out as yorkshire reached 393-7 by stumps . the england international shared a third wicket stand of 171 with james taylor . steven patterson and jack brooks returned the leading figures .
officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in telangana, india . thousands of infected eggs were dumped in a pit and buried . india has culled 6.4 million birds due to bird flu since 2006 .
family of adolf hitler's propaganda minister is suing random house germany for royalties over a biography that used his diaries . cordula schacht - whose own father was hitler's minister of economics - is representing joseph goebbels' estate in the case . dispute comes after peter longerich, a leading authority on the holocaust and nazi germany, drew on the diaries for a biography called goebbels .
niall horan caddied for rory mcilroy at the masters on wednesday . horan fell while caddying for the northern irish golfer in the traditional par-3 contest at augusta national . the pair will reunite on stage in boston at the end of the summer .
photographs show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world . one image shows fighters from the sawt al-haq battalion of the free syrian army standing with their weapons . another shows female north korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of yalu river, near the border with china . images include a shot of us army soldier ssg norma gonzales waiting to be flown by helicopter to a base in kandahar, southern afghanistan .
michael carrick has enjoyed a renaissance at manchester united this season . the 34-year-old says he wants to try his hand at f1 when he hangs up his boots . the midfielder says he is a 'massive fan' of the sport .
the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now . experts agree that carefully easing the body back into exercise is the best method . camilla lawrence, a women’s health physiotherapist, tells mailonline how to get your body back to its pre-pregnancy shape safely .
wolves held ipswich to a 1-1 draw in the championship on saturday . ipswich boss mick mccarthy hailed his side's 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' players . wolves boss richard stearman scored an own goal to give wolves the lead .
inverness beat celtic 3-2 in the william hill scottish cup semi-final . david raven scored the winner four minutes from the end of extra time . the caley defender hailed his goal as a 'dream come true' .
carlton tavern in maida vale, west london, bulldozed by developers without warning last week . landlady patsy lord was told by owners to close for an 'inventory' but returned two days later to find pub, built in 1921, was no longer standing .
katie gallegos from clackamas county, oregon, decided to take cooper the dog to a mcdonald's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy . while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks, cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite . to date the video of cooper's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times .
shaquille omar hallisey, 20, hit victim over head with bottle in cardiff . victim matthew leeke, 38, had been out with friends when he was assaulted . witnesses described seeing three males behind mr leeke in queen street . they heard one say 'walk away or else you are going to get hurt' hallisey was jailed for four years at cardiff crown court today .
lewis hamilton will start ahead of mercedes team-mate nico rosberg . mercedes team-mate sebastian vettel will start third on the grid . vettel won the malaysian grand prix last time out .
body of sarah fox, 27, was found by police on thursday night . her mother bernadette, 57, was found dead at sheltered accommodation . her daughter sarah was stabbed repeatedly and died of asphyxiation . merseyside police have issued a photograph of peter fox, 26 . they say they want to speak 'urgently' with him in connection to deaths .
anthony stokes, 17, died on tuesday after he crashed a stolen honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in roswell, georgia . he suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood and was given just six to nine months to live . he was initially refused a transplant because doctors thought he would be 'non-compliant' with the treatment . his death comes less than
number of fake tan bottles sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter from last year . the product used to be a favourite of many celebrities including victoria beckham . but even the towie crew themselves admit the look can easily go wrong .
rov hercules was examining the depths of the gulf of mexico off the coast of louisiana when a giant sperm whale suddenly appeared . sperm whales are listed as an endangered species under the u.s. endangered species act .
william shatner has revealed radical proposals in an interview with yahoo news . he wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from seattle down to california . the pipeline would be used to transport water to the state's rapidly drying lakes . but the proposal has been declared 'highly illogical' by some experts .
"i'm truly disgusted and repulsed with myself," arias says . travis alexander's sister says she's trying to block him from her life .
ryan giroux, 41, is accused of shooting dead one man and injuring five others during a rampage in phoenix, arizona . he has pleaded not guilty to one count of first-degree murder and 22 other charges at a hearing at the maricopa county superior court on monday . giroux is a member of the hammerskin nation, a notoriously violent racist skinhead group connected with the aryan brotherhood .
roads around st louis, missouri, were flooded in the intense downpour . lightning, hailstones and lightning also hit further north . storms in southwestern indiana toppled trees and downed power lines .
nationwide building society is giving anyone up to 70 chance to take out loan . pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today . tens of thousands of savers are being tempted to put money into property . surge of 'silver landlords' is likely to push up house prices, experts warn .
dozens of anarchists have made their squalid home in a litter-strewn shanty town . squatters are linked to the occupy london movement that caused chaos in london when they set up camp outside st paul’s cathedral in 2011 . battle to evict the squatters is set to come to a head just before the magna carta anniversary on june 15 .
arsenal drew 0-0 with chelsea at the emirates on sunday afternoon . olivier giroud appeared to misinterpret a question about arsene wenger praising his animal instincts in arsenal's attack . the frenchman has scored 18 goals for arsenal this season .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . reds captain steven gerrard is aiming to end his career at anfield . martin skrtel says gerrard is still one of the best players in the world .
chelsea manning, 27, sent out 15 tweets on friday from leavenworth military prison in kansas . she is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage and computer fraud . manning was born bradley but has begun living as a woman .
tom ince scored twice as derby came from behind to share the points . huddersfield had three players ruled out for play-off chasing derby . nahki wells and zak whitbread also on target for huddersfield .
wu rongrong was detained last month for planning to protest on international women's day . she and four other women's rights activists have been held for "creating disturbances" the fate of the five will be revealed by april 13, as their case reaches the legal time limit .
palermo have not won away from home since november 2 against ac milan . roberto vitiello feels his side need to start winning away from home . udinese are 13th in serie a and one point adrift of palermo .
jose mourinho says he doesn't care where chelsea win the premier league . the blues lead the table by six points with a game in hand . mourinho will start eden hazard against stoke city on saturday .
craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the u.n. mine action service and political and financial support for the cause . last year, the united nations said it destroyed more than 400,000 land mines and explosive remnants of war and more than 2,000 tons of obsolete ammunition . 'you have been given a license to kill (as james bond), i'm now giving you a license to save,' u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon told craig at united nations headquarters in new york .
raymond billam, 40, claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres . but fraud investigators secretly filmed him taking to the pitch for his team . grandfather-of-four was sentenced to 26-weeks in prison suspended for two years .
phil rudd pleads guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs . the 60-year-old drummer made a surprise plea before the trial began . rudd could face up to seven years in prison for the charge of threatening to kill .
jonathan trott failed twice with the bat during england warm-up in basseterre . trott looks set to open the batting with alastair cook in the first test against west indies in antigua on monday . england completed four days of low-key, uncompetitive warm-up action .
bradford city's valley parade blaze claimed 56 lives on may 11, 1985 . fire thought to have been started by a spark from a match or a cigarette . author martin fletcher claims the devastating fire was not an accident . reveals a sequence of other blazes at businesses associated with stafford heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time .
jade wimsey, 24, would down up to seven cans a day at £1.50 a pop . her fizzy habit caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb . jade's weight made her the victim of cruel jibes by male customers . she was even humiliated for her size by bullies on facebook .
natasha willard, 17, was studying art and welsh in sixth form in cwmbran, wales . she appeared fit and well days before christmas and quickly went down hill . she was diagnosed with encephalitis, an inflammation of the brain . her condition has worsened, leaving her unable to move her limbs . her family are trying to teach her to walk and talk again .
manchester city host chelsea in the manchester derby on sunday . city are fourth in the premier league, nine points behind leaders chelsea . sergio aguero insists city can still retain the title despite defeat .
victor wanyama claims he has never spoken to arsenal boss arsene wenger . the kenyan midfielder joined southampton from celtic in 2013 . the 23-year-old's stock has risen in the premier league .
the noose was hanging from a tree near a student union . duke didn't identify the student, citing federal privacy laws .
philadelphia-based artist and journalist alison nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits of well-known artists . features the likes of salvador dali, henri matisse, georgia o'keefe and many others . the images see the artists in rarely-seen settings, with many of them reclining in their homes .
danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband brian in 2011 . she refused to give up and took him into her full time care as he was still bedridden and hooked to a feeding tube . eventually, brian started to improve and miraculously spoke the words 'i'm trying' one day weeks later, danielle took him home with dismal prospects .
kimberley donoghue, 28, from south wales broke leg and fractured bone in foot . she fell down stairs carrying wedding decorations just four days before wedding . father wheeled her into church and she sat down to say her vows . family are planning another party in summer to celebrate without cast .
moeen ali will join up with england ahead of their second west indies test . he has recovered quicker than expected from a rib injury . moeen struggled with the short ball against sri lanka and india last year .
alec stewart has expressed his interest in becoming new ecb director . stewart played in a record 133 tests for england and is currently director of cricket at surrey . the early bookies’ favourite for the post is michael vaughan .
walter scott was pulled over on saturday and shot dead by officer michael sager . he had already been jailed three times for missing child support payments . court records show there was no warrant out for his arrest . scott's family believe he fled over fears he would be arrested .
mark vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with british airways . he wants the reader to simply understand his passion for his job . vanhoenacker admires boeing 747s like a sculptor might a perfect human torso .
england hooker tom youngs sin-binned for a barge on leicester's chris ashton . saracens scored two tries with youngs off and the game was as good over at 14-6 when he came back . billy vunipola scored after youngs' exit and marcelo bosch scored after the break .
the sigma alpha epsilon (sae) fraternity at clemson university in south carolina has been put on probation for two years . the 'cripmas' party, held last december, had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas . the party was also attended by female students from several sororities .
jordan spieth roared back into contention with a second-round 62 . but troy merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record . merritt shot to the top of the leaderboard on 12 under overall .
xie xu, 18, carries zhang chi, 19, around daxu high school in china . zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle . it makes it difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight .
christy mack, 23, was allegedly beaten by jonathan paul koppenhaver, 33 . mack claims koppenhaver became abusive months into their one-year relationship . he allegedly beat her in their las vegas home, breaking 18 bones . she also had a broken nose, a ruptured kidney, and a ruptured liver . now she has to wear a wig and is undergoing reparative dental work . mack is fighting to see koppenhaver convicted of attempted murder .
ed balls claims voters lost £1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes . but pm hails 'money-back monday' with tax changes coming into force . mr cameron has claimed labour are planning to increase taxes by £3,028 . but mr balls predicted a conservative government would hike vat . treasury minister david gauke hit back with an accusation .
seven out of 10 business chiefs think miliband would be a 'catastrophe' for britain . overwhelming support for david cameron to remain prime minister . comes after more than 100 company bosses warned against labour .
denver broncos cornerback aqib talib and his brother are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a dallas-area nightclub on wednesday morning . during a 2011 incident involving two guns, talib and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend in garland, texas . talib was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011 .
lt. col. anthony shaffer said on fox news' the o'reilly factor on monday night that bowe bergdahl 'had afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the taliban' the former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 naval criminal investigative service investigation into bergdahl's activities . the investigation reportedly included a forensic review of bergdahl's computer which showed
a federal jury convicted the four in october after a lengthy trial . blackwater sniper nicholas slatten was sentenced to a term of life in prison . blackwater workers paul slough, evan liberty and dustin heard were sentenced to 30 years each .
hotel industry insider turned author, jacob tomsky, reveals the most common items people take from hotels . toiletries and towels are definitely the most popular items for guests to pocket, according to tomsky . despite common misconceptions, you can get away with stealing a plush robe - without incurring any charges .
christopher nathan may, 50, is accused of killing tracey woodford, 47 . her body was found at a flat in pontypridd, south wales, on friday . ms woodford had been missing for three days before her body was found . warehouse worker appeared in court today charged with a single charge of murder .
the remains of up to nearly 400 unaccounted for service members will be exhumed this year . the uss oklahoma sank in 1941 during the japanese attack on pearl harbor .
james rodriguez opens the scoring for real madrid with a volley . almeria have completed 184 passes so far, which is a decent stat given it's not even half time yet . real haven't found their rhythm yet, while almeria are just letting them pass from side to side . thomas, on loan from atletico, cuts the ball back for corona . real need to wake up .
dina amos-larkin was attending a four-day sports festival in salou, spain . law student, 21, fell while talking to her mother on phone on april 3 . she was in medically-induced coma for two weeks and was told of injuries . authorities initially said fall was a suicide bid but she is now stranded .
sikander rafiq, 34, and samara jabreen, 32, lied to birmingham city council . couple, from ward end, claimed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support . birmingham crown court heard jabreen first lodged a genuine claim for income support in 2002 . but when rafiq bought them a house, jabreen claimed to be a private tenant .
jeremy trentelman, 36, of ogden, utah, last week built a giant box fort for his three-year-old son max and two-year-old daughter story . the father, who works as a florist, plans to leave the fort in his yard for the maximum two weeks before he receives a $125 fine . the city code enforcement letter said that 'waste material or junk' such as tires or furniture in a front yard violates ordinance's 'designed to protect property values, citizens' rights, neighborhood
detective ian cyrus was caught on cctv stealing cash from a brooklyn store . five detectives arrested two employees accused of selling illegal cigarettes . manager ali abdullah said he saw detective cyrus grabbing a handful of cash . mr abdullah claims the supervisor said: 'he's going to lose his pension, lose his life, for $2,600?'
victoria mckennon is one class short of the credits she needs to graduate . the 17-year-old has had to miss dozens of lessons for frequent hospital visits . plano senior high school in texas told her she couldn't take part in ceremony . instead she was told she could take part in a small summer ceremony . the school has now set out a way in which she could graduate in time .
karen danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one like them in parliament . glamorous labour councillor said parliament needed people like her 'to bring it back down to reality' the 31-year-old said she rebuilt her life after being 'shattered' as a child .
detectives spent just over an hour at the repairman's house in bonny hills on the nsw north coast on monday afternoon . the 63-year-old's home had been searched earlier in the year, in january and march, after it was unveiled that he was due to fix william's grandmother's washing machine around the time the boy vanished . detective inspector gary jubelin and his colleague were seen leaving mr spedding's home through his garage yesterday afternoon . mr spedding has strongly denied any
kim wore a somber expression as she watched andy murray lose to novak djokovic in the men's final at the miami open in key biscayne, florida . the 27-year-old opted for one of her go-to brands whistles for the v-neck, short-sleeved dress, which comes in at £110 .
fiona 'kitty' carroll was at kemah boardwalk marina as her father worked on his boat on wednesday but when he checked on the girl 'after a brief moment', she was gone . her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl . authorities launched sea, land and air searches with the help of kemah, nassau bay, seabrook police and the u.s. coast guard .
frank lampard appeared on channel four's alan carr's chatty man . lampard said he would 'love' to see a gay footballer come out . the on-loan manchester city star also spoke of his support for gay players .
scots guard shaun smith, 25, and welsh guard jason collins, 22, were jailed for assault . cctv footage shows them stamping 18 times on victim's head . smith was described as an 'angel' by his officer at teesside crown court . judge james hill admitted it was an 'extraordinary' decision to let the men walk free .
clarence david moore, 66, escaped from a north carolina prison as a 23-year-old in 1972 . on monday, he called the franklin county sheriff's office in kentucky and admitted to being a fugitive . moore suffers from several medical conditions and cannot walk, but because he does not have a social security card of any form of identification, he has been unable to receive medical treatment . moore was sentenced to more than 10 years in prison for l
blackburn rovers face liverpool in the fa cup sixth-round replay on wednesday . jordan rhodes scored in blackburn's 3-0 win over leeds on saturday . gary bowyer has challenged rhodes to become an ewood park hero .
dame barbara hakin, national director of commissioning operations for nhs england, was accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about the impact of targets on ordinary patients . she was investigated by the general medical council, which concluded that there was no case to answer . gmc is now reviewing part of this decision and is appointing an independent expert to consider if the original investigation went ‘far enough’ in respect of patient safety .
hannah moore, 20, of west lothian, suffered stretchmarks after having twins . she posted images of her belly to boost her confidence . but two minutes later, her account was shut down due to 'nudity and violence' . 'nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful,' she said .
benjamin mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out . he was one of three men arrested after naval officers stormed the yacht . thomas britteon, 28, also received eight years for the same charges . john powell, 70, was sentenced to 10 years for drug trafficking and importation .
neil bantleman jailed for ten years for abusing three boys at indonesian school . he kissed his wife tracy before being led away by police after verdict . mr bantleman, a canadian, also holds british nationality and is a teacher . his supporters insist he is innocent and expressed concern over rule of law .
george north will miss saturday's european champions cup quarter-final . north has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months . wales wing was on wednesday being assessed by a neurologist .
glenn murray has scored five goals in five games since returning from injury . eagles boss alan pardew joked the striker has a 'bionic' knee . pardew believes murray is reaping rewards from loan spell with reading .
madison small, from ashburn, virginia, left school early on monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital . by tuesday afternoon, her father, tim small, had contacted the broad run high school to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning . on friday, the loudoun county health department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis . the bacteria causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell .
brayden travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend's house in st charles county, missouri in march . his lungs and kidneys failed, and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage . his mother shared a starling photograph of him unconscious in a hospital bed with breathing apparatus and wires across his body .
arabtrust and the federation of dundee united supporters clubs say they are 'shocked' that 25 per cent of £6.3million worth of transfer fees for ryan gauld, andrew robertson, stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven were paid in commission . supporters groups also disputed chairman stephen thompson's alleged level of investment in the club . dundee united have hit back at criticism by pointing to their on-field success .
sophia, seven, is the daughter of a lesbian couple . she made a video to help other children from same-sex families understand . the short film was created by the next family, an organisation that supports diverse families .
exam board officials unveiled draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds . they said it would ‘make content more contemporary’ . some students will be asked to study review of a gritty 15-rated film . others will look at spanish tweets on the olympic games .
steven gerrard was knocked out of the fa cup by aston villa on sunday . the liverpool captain looked glum at boujis nightclub in kensington . gerrard has just six games left to play in a red shirt .
robyn exton, 28, came out as bisexual in her 20s but struggled to find a girlfriend . she created dattch (her) a dating app designed for lesbians, bisexuals and curious women . josh buckley made his first million at 18 with games app minomonsters . josh is now seeking a five million dollar investment in san francisco .
santi cazorla has been linked with a move to atletico madrid . but the spaniard says he is happy to stay at arsenal . cazorla has scored seven goals and provided eight assists this season .
lucas matthysse won a majority decision against ruslan provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on saturday night . matthysse landed the majority of the punches in the first round and opened a cut near provodnikov's left eye early in the second . provodnikov (24-3) put matthysse on the ropes late in the third round and landed two hard right hook-left hook combos in the fourth .
snowstorm engulfed the kommunalnyi bridge in krasnoyarsk, siberia . the storm moved at a speed of 45mph and engulfed the bridge in seconds . visibility was reduced and the video maker returned to film the storm .
the national institute on drug abuse in the us has admitted that marijuana can kill cancer cells and shrink one of the most serious types of brain tumours . the drug is not recognised by the us food and drug administration (fda) as a medicine . however, studies of the chemicals in marijuana - cannabinoids - has led the fda to approve two medications that contain cannabinoid chemicals .
bayern munich face bayer leverkusen in the german cup quarter-final . pep guardiola's side beat borussia dortmund 1-0 on saturday . the bavarians are leading the bundesliga and through to the champions league last eight .
syrian girl surrendered to camera after mistaking it for a weapon . photographer rene schulthoff did not realise how terrified she was . realised she was so scared 'she raised her hands to surrender because she thought it was a weapon' he continued to photograph other children who have fled violence in syria .
bae system's typhoon is so accurate even the movements of the tide can disrupt the jet fighter's positioning and accuracy . it is built on 'floating' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon . these rafts measure 59ft (18 metres) long and 9.8ft (3 metres) thick . this helps its ‘fly by wire’ computer system to accurately control the aircraft, designed to be unstable but hugely agile .
missing photographer jessica bialek returned to her sydney home on thursday . her husband sabino matera posted a heartfelt thank you on his facebook page . ms bialek vanished on the way to the bank around 8.30am on wednesday . police launched an investigation into her disappearance .
ander herrera scored twice as manchester united beat aston villa 2-1 . the spaniard has established himself in louis van gaal's plans . herrera joined united on transfer deadline day in august 2013 .
jay alvarrez and alexis rene love nothing more than travelling the world . the young couple share their stunning and carefree images on instagram . jay has 735,000 followers on instagram and alexis has 1.1million .
zlatan ibrahimovic has had his four-game ban reduced by one match . psg striker will now miss three games and marseille playmaker dimitri payet just one . both clubs succeeded with appeals to the french olympic committee .
chief whip said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit . mr gove said the tories would not cut benefits for the disabled or pensioners . he said: 'we're not going to hit, or take money away from, the disabled'
nepal has been hit by its worst earthquake since 1934, when more than 10,000 people were killed . nepal has made some of the most remarkable progress on maternal and child health in the last few years . the quake is expected to continue for several more days .
chris evans and jeremy renner apologized for comments they made in a press tour . renner: "i am sorry that this tasteless joke about a fictional character offended anyone" evans: "we answered in a very juvenile and offensive way that rightfully angered some fans"
jurgen klopp announced his departure from borussia dortmund on wednesday . dietmar hamann believes klopp would be ideal for manchester city job . klopp won the bundesliga twice during his seven years at dortmund .
jennifer drew, 31, spends an hour a day searching for deals and coupons . mother-of-one has accumulated so many products she has filled her garage . she estimates she saves £70 each week on food, and once managed to get a weekly shop worth £140 for just 29p .
gold and silver bars had been loaded onto the hms ulster queen in 1942 . it was being transferred to the u.s. as payment for arms shipped to russia . but one of the cases of treasure was lost overboard in the river clyde . it is not known if it was ever recovered, but a secret diary has emerged . edinburgh man leonard h. thomas kept a diary of the convoys . he secretly wrote them into four a4 journals, which his daughter leonard
philip glenister and ant anstead present for the love of cars . each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles . pair restore old-bangers to their former glory .
grant clarke, 45, suffered a brain haemorrhage in may 2012 . it left him paralysed on his left side, incontinent and unable to communicate . his partner binny moore planted a secret camera in an ipod docking station . footage captured shocking extent of neglect mr clarke was subjected to . vanessa kennard has been suspended from her role for six months .
christian benteke scored hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3 with qpr . belgian striker has scored seven goals in his last five villa games . wolfsburg have kept tabs on benteke since ruptured his achilles .
five young sailors committed suicide on hmas stirling in western australia . the sailors were stationed or had been stationed at the west australian port . their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths . mark addison had to turn off his son's life support after several days in hospital . he has started up a change.org petition asking prime minister tony abbott to allow the families of military personnel access to their files .
zinedine zidane and ronaldo took part in the 12th annual match against poverty at the geoffroy guichard stadium in saint-etienne . former real madrid star zidane scored a hat trick while former ac milan ace pierre-emerick aubameyang grabbed a hat-trick . ronaldo had been rumoured to come out of retirement with fort lauderdale in recent times .
alex pritchard gave brentford the lead in the 21st minute . darren bent equalised for the rams in the 92nd minute . brentford hit back in the 14th minute through moses odubajo .
thousands of female race-goers flocked to aintree in liverpool . many opted for floral, flamboyant and eye-catching numbers . others opted for full-skirted looks bedecked with blooms .
the horse, charly, was patrolling venice beach with his minders on tuesday when he was vandalized . the tagger managed to write 'rbs' and an arrow on the horse's flank with silver spray paint . the lapd has asked the public for help in identifying the person responsible .
anonymous ohio woman and her catholic husband decided to have an abortion after learning their unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect 'incompatible with life outside the womb' the fetus also had a diaphragmatic hernia and severely stunted growth, weighing 8oz when she should have weighed just over a pound .
gary mabbutt, 53, was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold back in 2013 . mabbutt's diabetes led to a clogged artery in the limb and doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' on whether it would have to be amputated . he was treated at king's college hospital in south east london, undergoing an emergency five-hour operation . surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein .
iain duncan smith said zero-hours contracts should be re-named 'flexible hours' labour said the comments showed 'how out of touch the tories are' the future of zero-hours deals has become of the key issues of the election battle over jobs . labour has pledged to ban exploitative zero-hours deals .
liam plunkett and mark wood impressed in the nets on sunday . moeen ali has joined the england squad after missing the first test . england face sri lanka in the second test on tuesday .
her majesty, who is approaching her 89th birthday, was spotted riding her faithful black fell pony, carltonlima emma . she was joined by lord vestey and her head groom terry pendry in the beautiful park close to her windsor castle home . on thursday the monarch was seen trotting through the park again with pendry as the sunshine lit up the blooming flora .
study analysed dna from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences in sweden . found that sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders are five times more likely to be convicted of sex crimes than men in general population . dr mairi levitt says that genetic material from both parents is passed on, but genetic traits are developed through interaction between genes and the environment .
pyongyang may also have the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double its arsenal by next year . chinese estimates of pyongyang's nuclear production exceed most previous us forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs . north korea has conducted three nuclear detonations, the most recent in february 2013 .
arsenal are 10 points clear at the top of the premier league . chelsea have been relentless from the first whistle this season . there is a different feel to their form and performances this time around . arsenal must go for it and make the big additions that will stop them being nearly-men .
liverpool are eight points behind manchester united in fourth place . jordan henderson is targeting seven wins out of seven in the league . the reds face blackburn in the fa cup quarter-final on wednesday .
javier hernandez scored in the 88th minute to send real madrid through . cristiano ronaldo provided the assist for hernandez's goal at the bernabeu . the mexican striker has started just seven of the fifty games he has played this season . hernandez has scored three goals in the champions league semi-finals . click here for all the latest real madrid news .
sophia adams, 21, has beaten 1,000 hopefuls to land a modelling contract . the trainee police officer will star in curvy kate's spring/summer 2016 catalogue . she will travel to the mediterranean to shoot the catalogue .
channing tatum twerked for jennifer lopez . rebel wilson introduced an exclusive clip from "pitch perfect 2" as an "exclusive clit" was easily the funniest non-schumer joke of the entire night .
gruesome photographs show man being blindfolded and blindfolded . he is then apparently executed by a masked man wielding a meat cleaver . images are the latest propaganda released by the militant group .
harry redknapp says tottenham have not moved forward under mauricio pochettino . former qpr boss says pochettino has been rescued by the kids . redknapp also criticised tottenham's recruitment policy after sale of gareth bale .
the eu has been investigating the us search engine for five years following complaints that it abuses its dominance in the continent . but proceedings have stalled on three previous occasions . now the european commission is asking companies who previously filed confidential complaints against google for permission to publish them . if found to have been behaving unfairly, google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues, which would be more than £4 billion based on last year's performance .
ben flower did not deserve the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on thursday night . the wales forward made his first appearance since he punched st helens' lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season's grand final, earning a six-month ban . flower: 'i didn't expect such a big loud roar and a standing ovation. for the fans to stick by me like that is a credit to them'
in a leaked sony email, cameron crowe mocks bruce jenner's gender transition . this in an email he was having with former studio head amy pascal . pascal asked crowe if he had anything to show her from his upcoming film aloha . crowe replied, 'does bruce jenner want boobs? hell yes i have something to show you!!!!' .
report suggests carbon dioxide produced by fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in cola . many nations are looking into carbon capture and storage (ccs) technologies as a way to cut their greenhouse house emissions . ccs refers to the process of capturing carbon released by burning fossil fuels and storing it in porous rock layers in areas such as depleted oil and gas reservoirs . but there are concerns over storing such huge amounts of carbon underground .
tiger woods returns to action for the first time since february . bubba watson is the defending champion at augusta national . justin rose, ian poulter, lee westwood and henrik stenson also in action .
christian benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3 with tottenham hotspur on tuesday . benteke's goal was enough to give tim sherwood's side the lead at the end of the first half . the villa midfielder continued his fine form from tuesday, where he scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with qpr .
u.s. treasury to freeze or block assets of those involved in attacks . obama took aim at russia, china and iran as he unveiled new sanctions . follows a series of high profile incidents, including sony attack . data breaches stole credit card or health data on tens of millions .
chelsea manager jose mourinho talks to god every day, but never about football . the 52-year-old said that he tries his best to separate his professional and family life . mourinho was fined £25,000 by football authorities earlier this season for claiming there was a 'campaign' against chelsea .
hibernian face battle over potentially lucrative gate revenues with lower league clubs . the easter road club stand to make £1million from sell-out gates against rangers and the 11th place club in the premiership - motherwell . under recently passed spfl rules, play-off sides must hand over 50 per cent of their play-off profits for distribution among lower league clubs within seven days . hibs chairman rod petrie has garnered support from hearts and motherwell for a resolution to slash the profits levied from 50 per cent to 25 per cent .
bones found in gough's cave in somerset had flesh cut from them before being chewed and crushed . archaeologists say the findings suggest people living in the late ice age indulged in ritual cannibalism, perhaps as a macabre way to revere their dead kin . stone age farmers in italy cut the flesh from the bones of their dead before burying them, a recent study found .
robert durst pleaded not guilty tuesday to a new federal charge of possessing a gun after a felony conviction . durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 world trade center . he also faces a murder charge in california and two state weapons charges in louisiana - one of possessing a .38-caliber revolver after a felony conviction and one of possessing the firearm along with an illegal drug: about 5 ounces of marijuana .
khalid rashad, 61, appeared at camberwell magistrates' court today . charged with possession of an explosive substance for unlawful purpose . also charged with possession of ammunition for a firearm without certificate . rashad was born burnell 'bernie' mitchell - brother of boney m singer liz .
stanford computer science student lea coligado, 21, created women of silicon valley, a blog based on people-profiling website humans of new york . the blog features photos and stories of subjects in the tech industry, often accompanying them with inspirational quotes . the goal of the project is 'to celebrate these living - and thriving - examples of female success, these rebels against the numbers and the gender norms'
west ham were the first premier league club to reduce season ticket prices . the hammers will move to the olympic stadium in a year's time . manager sam allardyce has labelled the move the best business in a long time .
bayern munich lost 3-1 to porto in champions league quarter-final first leg . pep guardiola, manuel neuer and thomas muller pictured at the airport . bayern chief executive karl-heinz rummenigge said squad is healthy .
mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in vladivostok, east russia . he was taken to sadgorod zoo where he is one of many cubs rescued . one-month-old twins were found all alone in the wild at sadgorod zoo .
liverpool striker mario balotelli receives the most abuse on social media . chelsea receive the greatest volume of discriminatory messages on social media . football's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with tempero and brandwatch to produce the most detailed findings of discrimination online .
football in turkey has been suspended for one week following the armed attack on fenerbahce's team bus on saturday . turkish police have detained two people suspected of involvement in the attack . the decision affects both next weekend's super lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter-finals . besiktas' match against istanbul basaksehir is scheduled to go ahead on monday evening .
four-metre long king cobra raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for handler billy collett at gosford's australian reptile park . the toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake . mr collett has been milking snakes for almost 10 years but has never extracted venom from a king cobra .
volcano calbuco suddenly erupted on wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky . thousands of people living in its shadow were forced to flee the 'apocalypse-like' event . but amateur cameraman was surprised to see what appeared to be white lights close to the enormous plume of ash and smoke .
obsessive arsenal fan made his girlfriend sit a test quizzing her about his favourite football club . saskia scored an impressive 43.5 out of 50, to which her boyfriend commented, 'well done saskia! as a result, i will not be dumping you! (lucky you)' the test took the form of a school exam, with multiple choice questions, tables to complete, and 'in your own words...' section .
photographer matthew lewis won the wisden–mcc cricket photograph of the year 2014 . his image of dwayne bravo shows the player taking a breathtaking full-length catch for the west indies to dismiss james faulkner . portraits of ordinary players also make the short-list, from children on a bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch in kent .
a 160kg man fell down a stormwater drain in sydney's west on wednesday . rescue teams were called to meadowbank in sydney's west about 11pm . firefighters, paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole using ropes and ladders due to injuries he sustained to his shoulder and leg . due to the size of the man it took 15 firefighters, ambulance and the police to get him out of the drain .
atletico madrid face real madrid in the champions league on tuesday . fernando torres believes diego simeone's clear understanding of the team's weaknesses has been the key to their success . atletico beat real to win the season's super cup curtain-raiser, knocked them out of the king's cup and defeated them in both la liga clashes .
thousands of velella velella are washing up across oregon, california and washington after strong winds blew them onto the shore . they have a small sail on their bodies, which means they are easily blown to shore . the creatures are not harmful to humans but will smell fishy as they decompose .
harry redknapp joined bt sport presenter jake humphrey for live broadcast of arsenal vs liverpool at the emirates . redknapp was in fine form as pundit for saturday's premier league encounter . raheem sterling had almost single-handedly managed to shift the emphasis away from who would get the points to how many pounds he might get .
rhodri giggs, 37, was found guilty of driving a mercedes without insurance . he was banned from driving for six months, fined £110 and ordered to pay a £20 victim surcharge and £85 costs . giggs, of salford city, said the offence 'wasn't intentional' but he said he would lose his job as an hgv driver with an agency .
saba syed and husband sheikh amari have been married for 12 years . they run preston-based supercar dealership selling luxury cars . saba says more women are coming into the showroom . she says: 'women have very good taste in cars' .
aaronessa keaton of phoenix, arizona was arrested monday and charged with manslaughter for a 2014 accident that resulted in the death of a 5-year-old child . keaton was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and benzodiazepines in her system when she hit a car carrying two children . when told of this after her arrest, keaton, 24, said; 'sh*t happens' .
dove asked women to rate themselves as either 'beautiful' or 'average' 83% of australian women said they would describe themselves as average looking . just 4% of women around the world said they consider themselves beautiful .
sophie falkiner says she's been cinching in her waist with girdles for 10 years . khloe kardashian recently attributed the corset-like waist trainer as the tool behind her new, slim figure . falkiner discovered the benefits while interviewing hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago .
kyle iveson, 24, burst into a convenience store in clitheroe, lancashire . he demanded cash from karen brown, mother of his ex-girlfriend . iveson tried to hide his identity by lowering his voice, but she recognised him . he escaped with £650, but was quickly arrested and has pleaded guilty to robbery and being in possession of a bladed article .
shelley smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer . the espn reporter will make her first appearance on april 30, just before the nfl draft . smith revealed on twitter last october that she had breast cancer, and since then has undergone chemotherapy .
yaya toure was part of a five-man wall when jason puncheon took the free-kick that killed off manchester city's chances at selhurst park on monday . sportsmail columnist jamie carragher believes toure did not do enough to prevent the winner . the £200,000-a-week midfielder is paid £200,000-a-week .
daniel demarco, 28, was arrested in an elmwood park car lot at 2.45pm on friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia . police on scene believed demarco looked suspicious as they were patrolling the area for narcotics travel . demarco was also charged with being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and dwi .
a 3.69-carat white, teardrop-shaped diamond was found at crater of diamonds state park . it's the 122nd diamond found at the park so far this year . visitors get to keep what they find at the park's 37.5-acre search field .
cheryl howe, 32, was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome aged 12 . mother-of-two suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs . she has been fighting for six years for treatment on the nhs . finally got approved for nhs funding for laser hair removal treatment .
tottenham have major concerns about harry kane playing in the summer . england manager roy hodgson confirmed kane will be available for the competition in the czech republic . mauricio pochettino wants to meet with the fa before making any decision .
rebecca hannibal, 19, has pleaded guilty to supplying georgina bartter with 'purple speaker' ecstasy pills . ms bartter died after collapsing on the dance floor at a music festival in november last year . police allege ms hannibal supplied the 'one and a half' pills to ms bartter . a lawyer for ms hannibal appeared in court on wednesday . ms hannibal
kenyan deputy president william ruto gives u.n. agency three months to relocate somali refugees . dadaab is the world's largest refugee camp .
fraudsters were unaware they had been caught by a pin-hole camera . pair convinced vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled . they talked him into divulging his details and persuaded him to leave them . but less than two hours later, they were filmed laughing and joking . west midlands police released footage in bid to identify the pair .
actress patsy kensit says the duchess of cambridge is 'our generation's suffragette' 'she's so fabulous on every level. she repeats outfits, which is brilliant,' she said . this is the first time the duchess has been lauded as a feminist icon .
joyce cox was strangled to death on her way home from school in 1939 . her body was found dumped by a railway station but her killer has never been caught . her cousin terry phillips, 71, has accused the met of a 'cover-up' . he said officers ordered that the case file be kept secret until 2040 .
the incident took place in olani village, four kilometres from manpur, in central india . terrified villagers recorded the incident from the relative safety of huts . the village watchman struck the leopard twice on the head before it retaliated . he continued to fend off the leopard with his stick and after a few seconds the animal ran off .
sacha whitehead, 26, handed out waterproof clothing, blankets and sleeping bags to the homeless during tuesday's severe sydney storm . she posted a call to action on facebook saying she would pick up the much-needed items and drive them to sydney cbd . the financial adviser was spurred into action after reading a friend's facebook status about the homeless . she said she was inundated with offers from people offering donations .
stoke city host chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . potters have not beaten jose mourinho's side away since 1984 . stoke have won 11 and drawn three of their 14 home league games .
carrie reichert, 43, has released a teaser from her upcoming book . says she felt 'overdressed' when she saw prince playing strip billiards . prince harry was said to have invited 10 women to his vip suite in 2012 . ms reichert has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show .
manchester united thumped rivals manchester city at old trafford . louis van gaal's side now sit four points ahead of their neighbours . chris smalling made up for his red card in the etihad derby earlier this season by scoring united's fourth . juan mata looked settled as a united player and deserved his standing ovation .
real madrid have not beaten rivals atletico madrid since champions league final in lisbon less than a year ago . carlo ancelotti's side have lost four and drawn three of their last seven games against the city rivals . atletico madrid beat real madrid in the spanish super cup in may last year .
the driver of the car, a 16-year-old girl, was thrown from the vehicle after it veered off the road and dropped 100ft from a cliff landing on top of her . the girl, who has not been identified, was trapped underneath the four-door sedan for more than four hours . the two other passengers, aged 16 and 17, were removed from the car an hour after the accident . they suffered only minor injuries because of a depression in the roof of the car that created a space between the roof and the ground .
bt sport industry awards take place in battersea on thursday . ap mccoy, jack wilshere, nathaniel clyne and ryan bertrand walk red carpet . mccoy retired from horse racing at the end of last season .
eddie hearn presented a cheque for £1.5m to set-up carl frampton vs scott quigg . matchroom promoter hearn said the cheque offered 1.5m reasons for the fight . but efforts to make a deal with the ibf super-bantamweight champion remain deadlocked .
tiger woods has confirmed he will play at the masters this week . the former world no 1 has returned to competitive golf for the first time since early february with a back injury . colin montgomerie has said it would be fantastic to see woods go up against rory mcilroy . woods has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years .
robin van persie has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract . manchester united will offer the dutch striker £5million to quit the club . juventus and inter milan have both been linked with a summer move . united have been linked with psv strikers edinson cavani and memphis depay .
patrick bamford won the championship player of the year award on sunday . the chelsea loanee has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season . the 21-year-old believes his long-term future lies at stamford bridge .
sir oliver popplewell conducted the 1985 bradford fire public inquiry . he says police should look at eight other fires allegedly connected to the then club chairman to 'see if there was anything sinister' a new book claims the fire at bradford's valley parade stadium was one of at least nine blazes at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman stafford heginbotham .
plus-size clothing retailer launches #imnoangel ad campaign . the campaign pokes fun at victoria's secret and its smaller angels line .
joan ashton has been a resident of aneurin bevan court in duffryn, newport . he says his mother ordered a 'disgusting' serving of baked potato and corned beef . mr ashton is calling for more to be done to improve food standards .
tiger woods is the 111th best golfer in the world . woods has insisted he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it . woods is playing his 20th masters at augusta .
competitive eater mary schuyler ate three 72-ounce steak dinners in under an hour at the big texan steak ranch restaurant in amarillo, texas on sunday . the 120-pound mother-of-four broke the record for quickest steak dinner eaten . competitors had to eat three baked potatoes, three shrimp cocktails, three salads and three rolls for a whopping 15 pounds of food .
football agents were left in limbo as they awaited news on new regulations . licensing system for agents to change from april 1 . existing licensed agents were exempt from the new rules . fa due to place link on website for intermediaries to register .
chancey allen luna was found guilty of first-degree murder in the shooting death of christopher lane . lane, 23, was shot in the back by luna's gun in duncan, oklahoma, in august 2013 . the vehicle's driver, michael jones, pleaded guilty in march to second-degree murder .
bali nine member myuran sukumaran has requested to spend his final days painting . his brother, chinthu sukumaran, has pleaded with the indonesian president to call off the firing squad . his fellow death row inmate, andrew chan, has requested to spend his last hours in church with his family . it comes after it was confirmed that australians andrew chan and sukumaran will be executed just past the stroke of midnight on wednesday .
president barack obama impersonated frank underwood, the fictional commander-in-chief in house of cards . obama slipped into his normal voice by the end of 12-second impersonation . he was also asked to comeo on the show by netflix ceo reed hastings .
300,000 people come to salzburg each year to soak up the magic and visit the locations of the film . the old town, where much of the movie was shot, is too narrow for tour buses . salzburg is a pretty conservative sort of place, and doesn’t rush about embracing change .
match.com is seeking a 'date explorer' to help revolutionise british dating scene . the winner will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops in new york, rio de janeiro, rome, stockholm and paris . the trip will last for six weeks with all hotel and travel costs covered .
chloe jackson, 19, from norfolk, feels lonely thanks to websites like facebook . she said: 'you look at all these people having fun without you and it's hard not to take that personally' half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely . 43 per cent of 18 to 34-year-olds said they wished they had more friends .
brittany cherokee dawn bell of bartlesville, oklahoma, was charged with child neglect after the death of her three-month-old daughter . the baby was found on the floor of the roach infested apartment with bites on her legs and head . bell said that the baby might have been smothered by her 18-month-old twins out of jealousy after she had fallen asleep while watching a movie with them .
susan farmer, 37, from eddy, texas, weighed 43st (605lbs) at her heaviest, she was unable to walk for more than 30 seconds at a time . she was told by doctors to lose half her body weight or face early death . but her mother continued to buy her fatty foods to make her feel happy .
easter is a cornerstone event in the christian faith . it celebrates the completion of christ's mission of salvation in the crucifixion and resurrection . like christmas with its tree, ornaments and santa claus, easter has picked up its peripheral trappings .
toby escaped from wendy stokes' garden in west hougham, kent, 11 months ago . he wandered through a gate and was picked up by a passing driver . six months ago, he was re-homed with a couple living 22 miles away . but with nothing else to go on, they decided to call every stokes in kent . eventually came across a delighted wendy, who collected him last sunday .
raheem sterling has rejected a £100,000-a-week contract extension . brendan rodgers has criticised the player's advisor . liverpool lost 4-1 at arsenal in the premier league on saturday .
sean bowen maintained his three-winner lead over nico de boinville . bowen scored on abidjan at newton abbot while de boinville victorious on one lucky lady at kempton . the season ends at sandown on saturday .
alan mays has unearthed a treasure trove of comical printed cards . the 'escort card' was handed out by men to women they found attractive . the cards bear phrases such as 'may i be permitted blissful pleasure of escorting you home this evening?'
mary doyle keefe, 92, passed away on tuesday after a brief illness . she became the poster girl for american women when she shot to fame by posing for norman rockwell's iconic painting . rosie the riveter was on the cover of the saturday evening post on may 29, 1943 .
rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in bydgoszcz, northern poland . the green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in october after he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection . vet lucyna kuziel-zawalich took care of him and eventually adopted him as a permanent member of the animal hospital .
the clinton foundation and the clinton health access initiative said they will be refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years . the foundation and its donors have been under intense scrutiny in recent weeks . republican critics say the foundation makes clinton vulnerable to undue influence .
david wihby, 61, was arrested on friday in nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on saturday . wihby has been the new hampshire republican's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff . he is a former longtime manchester city alderman and former deputy commissioner and interim commissioner of the state department of labor .
manchester united defeated manchester city 4-2 in the premier league . marouane fellaini was public enemy no 1 last season . louis van gaal's philosophy has been vindicated . the dutchman is brave enough to throw him into the action .
al-shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years in the region mostly targeting christians . in early april, al-shabaab brutally massacred 147 people at garissa university in northern kenya . kenyan teachers and students alike are terrified .
eden hazard tricks his marker with step-overs, a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg to fool a man four times in succession . the belgian star will be a key man for jose mourinho's side as they travel to the emirates stadium on sunday looking for a win that would put them within three points of the title . hours later he will be at london's grosvenor house hotel hoping to beat the likes of harry kane and david de
sergio canavero plans to perform the world's first human head transplant . he has no problem with being branded a dr frankenstein by medical critics . dr canavero says he will carry out the procedure in china if he is banned from doing so in the eu or former soviet union . he has confirmed that he hopes to operate on his first patient, a russian with a rare genetic muscle wasting disease .
michael phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth olympics next year in rio . the 18-time olympic champion won't be swimming in the world championships this summer as part of the punishment set forth by the sport's u.s. governing body . phelps is back in arizona, where he attended 45 days of inpatient alcohol rehabilitation after being arrested on dui charges in his hometown of baltimore last september .
nigel farage said anti-english sentiment in scotland was 'biggest' in uk . he accused alex salmond of fuelling resentment and called snp 'racist' ukip leader said it was wrong that ukip is called racist .
jonathan trott has been england's rock at no 3 for four years . he was picked for this three-test tour of the caribbean after fighting his way back into contention . alastair cook knows the value an in-form batsman would bring to his side's chances of recording a series win in the caribbean .
homeowner in bonita springs, florida, was shocked to find a bull shark swimming past his home . the nine foot bull shark was spotted just under the water, with its distinctive pectoral fin breaking the surface . fishermen throwing bait into the water nearby are attracting the sharks back to their homes . property owners are now asking the city to designate the area for swimming only, which would outlaw fishing there . bull sharks are considered among the deadliest sharks in the world, and among the most likely to attack humans .
steve mcclaren calls speculation linking him with newcastle job 'disrespectful' mcclaren insists his sole focus is steering derby to promotion at the end of the season . john carver is the current incumbent at st james' park .
eaze has been dubbed ‘uber for weed’ and enables people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver . sale and possession of marijuana for medical and recreational use is legal in alaska, colorado, and washington . a number of other states, including california and nevada, have decriminalised the drug for medical use . eaze has raised $10 million (£6.7 million) so that users can ‘find the perfect medicine’ in more states .
helen dunn, 78, from stourbridge, west midlands, was 17 years old at the time . she was on the cover of vintage lads mag span from 1955 . the glamorous gran admitted she was shocked to see the images . she said: 'i shouted, 'that's me! i think it's great, i have no secrets'
trading standards raided restaurant in central london and confiscated fins . royal china club boasted of selling shark fin soup and another dish . charity bite-back believes one in five chinese restaurants are selling soup . one in five exploit legal loophole allowing people to bring 20kg of fin into uk . just one kilogram of shark fin can fetch up to £180 through wholesale markets .
ian poulter posted an instagram picture with eight needles in his neck . the english golfer is an acupuncture convert . poulter finished tied sixth at the us masters at augusta . ryder cup captain darren clarke says poulter's final round was the best he's ever seen him play .
joel burger and ashley king accepted the company's payment proposal on monday . bk will be paying for the wedding and providing personalized gift bags, mason jars and burger king crowns for the event . burger and king said they 'shaking' and 'blown away' after getting the good news .
vin los, 24, has landed a new campaign for underwear brand garçon model . the montreal-based model says his tattoos 'embody pop culture' and will one day help him achieve his goal of global fame .
police are investigating the theft of about $70,000 worth of bull semen from a farm in southern minnesota . the semen was stolen from farmer daniel weness's farm sometime between april 1 and april 7 . a $500 canister held vials of semen worth between $300 and $1,500 each .
sharon smith, 43, from halesowen, was a bulky size 26 when she went on a business trip in december 2012 and struggled to fit in the plane seat . today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on sunday .
dias costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders . all of the men are currently in intensive care in argentina .
graeme whipps captured stunning image of lyrid meteor shower above pitcaple in aberdeenshire yesterday . annual celestial event has been observed for 2,700 years across the globe, but is most visible in northern hemisphere . lyrids are created by debris from comet thatcher, which takes 415 years to orbit around the sun .
theodosia aresti, 71, moved into a nine-storey flat in london five years ago . but a blocked pipe unleashed a 'tsunami of sewage' into her flat . she noticed a foul smell coming from her bathroom and discovered brown substance bubbling up through the plughole in her bath . mrs aresti's toilet began overflowing with raw sewage 'like a volcano' .
yougov polled 1713 brits and 1124 americans on the sex and name of the second royal baby . brits prefer charlotte, alice and alexandra, while americans prefer distinctively prominent royal names .
thieves targeted 294 vaults during a break-in at volksbank in steglitz, berlin . gang fled the bank with diamonds, gold and silver worth more than £8.3m . it now appears that the berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the £60m heist in london . during that raid, 71 security boxes were raided before the gang made off with wheelie bins full of precious stones .
audrey nethery, six, has diamond blackfan anemia, a life-threatening bone marrow condition that impacts her body's ability to circulate oxygen . her parents are posting videos of her dancing to raise money for the diamond blackfan anemia foundation .
lucas moura has been 'obsessed' with lionel messi's way of playing . psg face barcelona at parc des princes on wednesday night . the french side won the french league cup last season .
manchester united lost 1-0 to chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . eden hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute . louis van gaal's side will be a serious challenger next season .
max azria's home is spread across three acres in holmby hills, one of the affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city's 'platinum triangle' the house was built in 1939 by architect paul williams, who built homes for old hollywood stars such as frank sinatra and lucille ball . azria bought the house for $14.4million in 2005 before pouring in $30million more for a massive renovation .
sickening new video appears to show at least 30 ethiopian christians beheaded . video shows dozens of militants holding two groups captive in libya . at least 16 men are lined up and shot in a desert area before being shot . 12 others are forced to walk down a beach before being beheaded . ethiopia was unable to confirm its citizens were killed in the footage .
chris ramsey feels qpr can avoid relegation if they win three more games . tim sherwood believes his appointment at aston villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence . leicester city manager nigel pearson believes his side have a better chance .
the optimal case was designed by israel-based amited . sensors in the case monitor the phone's temperature . if it gets too hot, optimal will cool the device using two micro-fans . and if it gets too cold, optimal engages its anti-freeze protection mode to gently heat the phone using resistance coils . it syncs with a smartphone over bluetooth and constantly analyses the phone's temperature when auto mode is enabled .
robert butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence, rhode island to the eleanor slater hospital in cranston . the complex operation took almost seven hours on sunday and involved the providence and cranston fire departments, lifespan, the hospital association of rhode island and bay crane northeast . mr butler, who is on permanent disability, told local news channels that his bed was broken at the nursing home and he was not receiving proper care .
leicester city host swansea city at goodison park on saturday . the foxes have won back-to-back games in all competitions . nigel pearson has called for realism in the chase for survival .
nathaniel clyne has been told he is england's first choice right-back by roy hodgson . the southampton defender is being tracked by manchester united and chelsea . clyne has started four matches for england, including euro 2016 qualifiers against slovenia and lithuania .
cnn's "weed 3: the marijuana revolution" airs sunday at 9 p.m. et/pt . dr. sanjay gupta has been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford . sergio aguero opened the scoring for the champions . ashley young, marouane fellaini, juan mata and chris smalling all scored .
sergio aguero scored his 20th premier league goal of the season . james collins own goal and sergio aguero's own goal secured victory . frank lampard made his fifth premier league start for manchester city .
ap mccoy rode his final race on box office at sandown on saturday . mccoy will be a spectator at the punchestown festival this week . mccoy will also be attending the wedding of one of wife chanelle's friends .
a male passenger was seriously injured after the driver of the 1991 ferrari 348 smashed into a tree in north brighton . the passenger was conscious when paramedics attended the scene and was taken to flinders medical centre . traffic superintendent garry stewart said speed was likely a factor and there was no evidence of drink-driving on the driver’s behalf .
warning: graphic content . carl bradey rescued a three-year-old girl from a raging house fire last month . the fire started by a candle in his palmerston north rental property . bradey smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend . the 25-year-old suffered horrific burns across his entire body . he has undergone four major operations since the fire, including multiple skin grafts to repair his damaged skin and an operation to remove a damaged vein .
alison saunders consulted neil moore over whether to prosecute lord janner . mr moore was barrister at 23 essex street where daniel janner worked . senior police officers have reportedly raised concerns about mr moore .
human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the uk . vile trade includes sale of girls for prostitution and sham marriages . migrants claim they have a human right to a family life in the uk .
evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of norco and corona, about 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles . by midday, fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire, which had grown to 1.5 square miles . cooler overnight temperatures and low winds allowed fire crews to attack the blaze, increasing containment from 15 per cent .
nick clegg tried to distance his party from allegations about cyril smith . he claimed the obese sexual predator did not belong to the lib dems . smith took the party whip for four years in parliament and was feted as a lib dem grandee in the years before he died .
ed miliband accused of trying to score political points from mediterranean tragedy . miliband claimed the mediterranean crisis was 'in part a direct result' of the pm's libya policy . lib dem leader nick clegg also condemned labour's intervention .
reinforcements come four days after isis began attacking northern iraq's baiji oil refinery . the refinery refines much of the fuel used by iraqis domestically .
helen flanagan, 24, looked demure as she stepped out in floral midi dress . danielle lloyd, 31, modified her wardrobe for the birth of her third child . many celebrities opt for more reserved styles during pregnancy .
mohammed waqar, 23, and mohammed siddique, 60, accused of assault . accused of assaulting youngster at uk islamic mission jamia mosque in birmingham . boy allegedly slapped repeatedly for mistakes in his studies . it is claimed on one occasion he suffered a black eye .
stephen dodd took the photograph of two muslim supporters praying at anfield . the liverpool supporters had rolled out their prayer mat at the foot of some stairs beneath the stand with the full consent of safety staff . a late kick-off for the convenience of television has played havoc with the muslim call to prayer .
konstantin sivkov wrote a column for the military-industrial courier . he said russia needs new 'megaweapons' to unleash chaos and guarantee destruction of its enemies . sivkov says russia's large inland territory in siberia will protect it from receiving too much harm .
dallas architects matt mooney and michael gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a stunningly modern home . the 3,700 sq ft home, dubbed 'pv14', boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people and a 40ft long swimming pool . the ceilings have been left exposed and the shipping container gates remained unpainted when they were converted into bedroom doors .
theo walcott has been pictured sitting on a bench with six of his arsenal team-mates for a photoshoot with olga sherer . the 26-year-old has been overlooked for the majority of the season . walcott has been named on arsenal's substitutes' bench for 17 of their 33 premier league games .
olivia bazlinton, 13, and charlotte thompson, 14, died at elsenham station . they were struck by an express train bound for stansted airport in 2005 . an inquest returned verdicts of accidental death - but it later emerged safety reports had not been disclosed to the coroner . network rail was convicted of criminal negligence and fined £1 million . but campaigners say too many dangerous crossings still exist in rural areas .
the crew scoured a burning home in boise, idaho, searching for people shouting 'help!' and 'fire!' eventually, to their surprise, they found a pair of squawking birds . both were pulled from the home and given oxygen masks .
kristy peckham, ex-partner of queensland politician billy gordon, has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered . the mother of his two children, kristy peckham, has been in hiding . ms peckham said she and her partner started dating in 2001 before finally splitting in 2012 . she said she and her children were essentially held hostage and forced to live in fear . the queensland government was plunged into crisis after details of the politician's criminal past were revealed .
rangers currently lead the race for second spot in the scottish championship . hibs and queen of the south are six points clear of the gers . rangers face dumbarton on saturday in the play-offs .
oprah winfrey, george clooney, jerry seinfeld and howard stern are among the guests . bill murray, george clooney, tina fey, michael keaton and ray romano also appear . stephen colbert will take over the "late show" on september 8 .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 1-0 at the westfalenstadion on saturday . thiago came on for philipp lahm and admitted he barely felt fit . the midfielder hadn't played for bayern since march 2014 .
deputy finance minister dimitras mardas declared the country had been 'running on empty' since february . greece faces prospect of having to snub its own employees to make €200m payment to the imf . eu leaders fear left-wing syriza government will choose its workers, potentially pushing it out of the eurozone . at a summit in brussels today, prime minister alexis tsipras is expected to appeal to german chancellor angela merkel for more aid .
nathan dailo, from sydney, uploaded a video to his youtube channel showing how he gets his three-month-old son seth to drift off in 42 seconds . the clip that has now received almost 26,000 views sees the father gliding a piece of white tissue paper over his son's face repeatedly until he nods off . nathan said: 'i'm sure every parent tries new things to put their little one to sleep'
shirley temple's bitter ex-husband tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her 'emotionally unstable' during her fbi background check . john george agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because temple would 'overreact if she didn't get her way' he also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much. his efforts were unsuccessful .
woman, 84, thought to have been helping husband park when he smashed into her . she also suffered injuries to her throat and legs, as well as broken bones . she was taken to royal sussex county hospital in brighton, east sussex . doctors placed her in a medically-induced coma and she remains in a critical but stable condition .
cremated bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in landford, essex and is thought to date to 5,600 bc . it was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet (one metre) and then backfilled with soil . three radiocarbon dates, two from bone fragments and one from charcoal, have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old .
mike brown could miss the rest of the england season with headaches . harlequins full back was knocked out in the 6 nations test against italy . conor o'shea has ruled brown out of saturday's aviva premiership match against sale .
cause of causes is owned by ap mccoy's boss jp mcmanus . the 19-time champion jockey could have ridden cause of causes . the horse was second at the 2014 cheltenham festival .
kim callaghan, 39, piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children . she reached a worrying 20st 3lb, but slimmed down to a slender 9st 10lb . before her weight loss kim's wardrobe was limited to size 28 clothing .
vietnamese labourer pham quang lanh, 28, had metal plate inserted over skull . botched operation caused his head to become swollen with deadly infection . mr lanh feared he couldn't afford further medical treatment and went to hospital . but when family looked at wound they found a dozen maggots crawling under skin . they removed maggots but inadvertently saved mr lanh's life by eating dead tissue .
packs of cadbury chocolate fingers have come down by 11 grams . this is the equivalent of two chocolate fingers weighing 114g each . ploy means shoppers are being subject to stealth price rises .
two four-year pilot culls in somerset and gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and shooting them, says the bva . it concluded that the first two years of culling had not demonstrated conclusively that ‘controlled shooting’ of free-running badgers could be effective and humane . animal welfare campaigners welcomed the news but said the bva’s ongoing support for cage-trapping and shooting was ‘regrettable’ .
mauricio pochettino left southampton to join tottenham in the summer . pochettino is looking forward to his first return to the south coast . the argentine admits he could be jeered on his return to the club .
adele berry was bombarded with flirty texts from a vodafone call centre worker . the 21-year-old was put through to a call centre in south africa over a bill . she was shocked when the man called himself her 'future hubby' and asked about his 'in-laws' the man has been suspended by the mobile phone company .
veronica ‘roni’ gonzalez and her fiance ely alba gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on interstate 30 to help a group in trouble . four were killed instantly in the collision . of the 13 people injured, one later died in hospital from their wounds . veronica and ely’s sister, who has not been identified, were both killed in the horrific accident which involved eight to ten vehicles .
arsenal beat reading 1-0 in the fa cup semi-final at wembley stadium . mesut ozil and alexis sanchez scored for the gunners . steve clarke has been away from the cut-and-thrust of football’s elite since he was sacked by west brom .
chinese traffic police release cctv footage of terrifying road stunt . the motorist is seen hoisting up a minivan strapped to the back with strings . a flat tyre at the rear indicates the driver was on his way to garage .
manchester united lost 3-0 to everton in the premier league on sunday . louis van gaal's side have been brilliant in the second half of the season . but they still have a long way to go without michael carrick . daley blind is a poverty-stricken pauper's version of carrick in that position . borussia dortmund's ilkay gundogan and sven bender fit the bill .
denmark tightens up laws amid reports of animal sex shows, clubs and brothels . previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed animals . agriculture minister dan jorgensen says it is difficult to prove animal harmed .
robert abercrombie revves up engine and pulls son's tooth out with muscle car . eight-year-old james had been asking for tooth removed for days . mr abercrombie, known as rob venomous in the ring, eventually gave in .
state-backed giant lurched to a £446million loss for the first three months of the year . it comes after rbs was forced to put aside £856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided .
rubio told face the nation he would attend the same-sex wedding of a family member or staffer - even if he didn't agree with the decision . florida senator said he wasn't against gay marriage, but believes the 'definition of the institution of marriage should be between one man and one woman' rubio also said he wouldn't stop loving someone if they were divorced .
hull city are interested in signing leeds united midfielder alex mowatt . the 20-year-old has scored nine goals in the championship this season . hull sent scout john rudge to check on mowatt during monday's 4-3 defeat by wolves .
kits can provide temporary solution for lost fillings or broken caps and crowns . more and more people are said to be buying the kits to carry out their own work . the price of receiving filling by a nhs dentist in england is as much as £52 .
sean dyche has been linked with a move to derby county . the burnley boss insists he is enjoying life at turf moor . the clarets are currently second from bottom in the championship .
yulia tarbath, 33, from surrey, moved to bali with husband paul in 2009 . led a raw vegan diet consisting of massive quantities of fruit, vegetables and juice, as well as hours of running, cycling and lifting weights . gained less than a stone during her first pregnancy - and took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8 stone .
the tv season is winding down, and the finales are starting . the first history channel scripted series wraps up on thursday . "broadchurch" continues .
boys, 17, arrested on suspicion of preparing to travel to syria to join terrorists . 39-year-old man also held on suspicion of fundraising for the purpose of terrorism . all three are currently in custody in a west midlands police station .
a greedy mother was booted out of a family easter egg hunt after she swore at volunteers . she told a 13-year-old volunteer to 'f*** off' after taking too many eggs . the event organiser said gluttonous parents were a major problem at the event . the aim of the hunt is to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation, while raising money for zaidee's rainbow foundation .
eric carter, 21, and stephanie mccassin, 24, have been charged with endangering the welfare of a child after allegedly overdosing on heroin while giving their 3-year-old son a bath . the child's grandmother found the parents passed out on the bathroom floor while the child remained in the tub . the child was not hurt .
first-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000 . ed miliband will say labour’s reduction in stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first-time buyers – saving them up to £5,000 in tax . labour claims tax break would be funded by further squeeze on tax avoidance, higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords .
the sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield . those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000 . another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops .
joe root became the second-youngest england batsman to reach 2,000 test runs . root reached the milestone aged 24 years, 115 days, alastair cook was 401 days quicker . root did get there in fewer innings than india great sachin tendulkar .
ratinho had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football . remo secured a 1-1 draw against atletico pr on thursday night . veteran midfielder igor joao scored in the 76th minute .
a newborn baby girl was found dead inside a garbage can outside the delta gamma theta sorority house at muskingum university last wednesday . a preliminary ruling from the muskingum county coroner on monday said the baby was nearly full term when she was born . the child's mother is a student at the small school in new concord, authorities said last week, but they have refused to release her name . the child's body was found on wednesday night outside the sorority house .
branislav ivanovic's current contract at chelsea runs out in 2016 . bayern munich are interested in the serbian defender . psg are set to make a £7million bid for chelsea goalkeeper petr cech .
wonga's revenues fell by nearly £100million last year to a total of £217.2m . chairman andy haste says the company might ditch its controversial brand . wonga's financial woes are expected to continue thanks to a new cap on the interest rates it can charge .
dundee united have failed to win any of their last 10 games . jackie mcnamara's side have reached back-to-back domestic cup finals for the first time in 29 years . the scottish premiership outfit have also qualified for european competition in three of the last four years .
steve tempest-mitchell, 56, from bradford, lost 16st after gastric bypass surgery . he had been turned down for the operation two and a half years ago . mr tempest-mitchell says he has a new lease of life after slimming down .
the patent was filed by the california-based firm in march 2011 . it details a method of scanning a user's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position . if the scanned face matches a previously taken photo, the phone unlocks automatically . android lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as trusted face in the smart lock menu .
denis cuspert, 39, has released a music video threatening his home nation . he sings about planning attacks in britain, germany and france . cuspert had been a successful rapper under the name deso dogg .
sam tomkins will rejoin wigan on a four-year contract from 2016 . the england international cut short his stay in the nrl with new zealand warriors . wigan chairman ian lenagan made the announcement at half-time .
anthony barbour, 33, from liverpool, takes his camera everywhere . he uses a canon 1100d dslr with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a tokina 11-16mm to shoot the photographs . he then uses photoshop to stitch and layer the photos together .
kent sprouse was sentenced to death in 2004 for the 2002 slayings of a police officer and a customer outside a dallas-area convenience store . a jury decided in 2004 that he should be put to death . unsuccessful appeals have focused on whether sprouse was mentally ill at the time of the slayings and should be spared the death penalty . sprouse would be the fifth inmate executed this year in texas .
sarah stage, 30, is a lingerie model and animal rights activist from los angeles . she has been documenting her changing pregnancy body on instagram . critics claim her toned body could harm her unborn child .
british swimmer breaks 100m breast stroke world record with time of 57.92 . peaty beat the previous record of 58.46 set by cameron van der burgh in 2012 . ross murdoch fought hard but was left trailing in peaty's wake with 59.12 .
home secretary warns lives will be in danger if britain saddled with hung parliament unable to pass anti-terror laws . new legislation urgently needed to update powers of mi5 and gchq . balance of power held by scottish nationalists opposed to updating law .
zara tindall, 33, ran 517 miles with personal trainer rob edmond . he rolled the barrel 517 miles from perthshire to wiltshire . zara is working towards 2016 olympic games .
the sewol ferry sank on april 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students . dozens associated with the ferry disaster have been jailed on criminal charges . families say the underlying problems that led to the sinking are far from resolved .
kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the goring hotel in london . she stayed in the luxury hotel the night before her wedding to william in 2011 . at the party in march, the duchess chatted to guests including luxury travel agent claudia gordon .
nick clegg will promise highest education spending of any party today . lib dems will vow to protect entire education budget 'from cradle to college' spending would rise per pupil and also in line with inflation from 2018 . mr clegg will say this is a deal-breaker in any future coalition talks .
mike whitehead was standing against labour's alan johnson in hull . he claimed he joined ukip after becoming 'disgusted' at conservatives' behaviour . but tories this morning revealed he had already been sacked from party . ukip spokesman said: 'this is typical ukip – cynical, misleading and utterly calculating to try and score political points'
west ham lost 2-0 to manchester city in the amman derby on sunday . mohammad shatnawi scored an own goal by kicking the ball over his head . shatnawi appeared to be trying to put the ball out of play after initially making a good save .
rona fairhead was accused of being either 'incredibly naive or totally incompetent' by margaret hodge . the bank said in its annual report that mrs fairhead would again stand for re-election .
eric lee gates and his adult daughter, chalena mae moody, had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care, but their case was rejected . moody, 25, was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge, but got credit for time already served . she also received 18 months probation . incest, even when both participants are adults, is a felony crime in oregon .
charlie bothuell iv and monique dillard-bothuell took the stand on tuesday . charlie was found in the basement of his family's detroit townhouse last june . on the 11th day of a search, police found a blanket, cereal box, drinks bottles and a bowl of chicken bones in the tiny room . he said he was beaten with a plastic pipe, forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other kids . charlie, now 13, said he
arsene wenger has revealed the selection process he uses to pick his arsenal team . the arsenal manager only makes the final decision on the morning of the match . wenger's methods have delivered three premier league titles and five fa cups during his tenure at arsenal .
candace cameron bure, who played d.j. tanner in the original series, will return for a spinoff . jodie sweetin and andrea barber will both return for the new series . talks with co-stars bob saget, mary-kate and ashley olsen, dave coulier and lori loughlin are ongoing .
lisa parkisson, 35, died 48 hours after giving birth at oldham royal in april . newborn thomas beaty died at the same hospital in june after being pushed back into the womb during birth . team of independent investigators found 'notable absence of clinical leadership' in the maternity wards . also found 'failure to adequately plan care' in a number of cases .
only japanese, south koreans and singaporeans are moodier when day breaks . japanese get an hour and a half less sleep, according to sleep cycle app .
unbeaten championship leaders leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as super league club salford crashed out of the ladbrokes challenge cup . the centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the red devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd at leigh sports village . the build-up to the fifth-round tie was dominated by the selection by leigh of former england forward gareth hock despite an agreement not to play against his old club .
aubrey de grey says ageing is a 'disease that can and should be cured' the harrow school and cambridge-educated biomedical theorist has gained some high-profile supporters in silicon valley . de grey's theories have gained him some high-profile supporters .
plane carrying former england rugby captain forced to make emergency landing . poor visibility struck between svalbard and ice camp barneo on saturday . pilot made decision to bring plane down, and aircraft's undercarriage was damaged . moody, 36, is undertaking a 100km trek to raise £250,000 for charity .
discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms and suggests conditions that spawned life on earth are not unique to our solar system . astronomers used the atacama large millimetre/submillimetre array (alma), a powerful suit of interacting radio telescopes in chile's atacama desert . they found complex organic molecules in a disk of gas around an infant star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming .
a lamborghini crashes into a guardrail at walt disney world speedway . the driver of the lamborghini lost control of the vehicle, florida highway patrol says .
the church of scientology is one of a long list of organisations who have been barred from using the anzac brand . an anzac-branded port, an educational app for iphones called anzapp and medallions with the word anzac on them were among the items rejected . woolworths, teespring, zazzle and redbubble were also reprimanded for using the word anzac .
singleton moms provides practical, financial and emotional support to more than 300 parents . do you know a hero? nominations are open for cnn heroes 2015 .
ukip's suzanne evans said she would step in if farage quits due to ill health . mr farage is suffering from recurring spinal injury and is on medication . he has pledged to be 'gone within 10 minutes' if he fails to win in thanet south .
jeni's splendid ice creams of ohio said on its website on thursday that it is recalling its frozen products after the listeria discovery . the company is taking the voluntary precautionary measure in order to ensure complete consumer safety . the recall includes all products bearing the brand name 'jeni's' .
nicola sturgeon said she would try to 'lock' david cameron out of downing street . the offer stood 'regardless of who is the biggest party' in the commons . raises prospect of miliband ending up in number 10 as result of nationalist support .
labour leader will pledge to ‘restore our commitment’ to the eu . mr miliband has all but ruled out a referendum on europe . he will accuse cameron of ‘taking britain to the edge of european exit’ .
brentford are considering appointing gianfranco zola as their new manager . mark warburton is to leave the club in the summer . zola is one of a number of candidates to replace warburton . benham are also sounding out coaches from spain and france .
toni duggan posted a picture of her with louis van gaal on instagram . the manchester city forward has since removed the photo . duggan issued an apology on her facebook page and removed it .
the marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of sharp park state beach in pacifica on tuesday . it is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the north coast of california in over the 40 years . in january, a rare pygmy sperm whale died after beaching itself in point reyes .
bath abbey was granted planning permission for the £18million scheme two years ago . engineers plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a roman drain where 850,000 litres of spring water empties every day . they hope to divert the warm water through a network of underground pipes . church leaders believe the plans would provide a unique source of green energy for the abbey and help the 10th century building reconnect with the roman roots .
lewis hamilton was invited to nelson mandela's 90th birthday party in 2008 . the mercedes driver wanted to meet hollywood actor will smith . hamilton said he stepped on former president bill clinton's foot .
olivier rousteing, 29, has revealed why he chose kim and kanye to star in balmain's latest campaign . the creative director says they embody the idea of a modern family . the couple have a 22-month-old daughter north .
janek zylinski posted the challenge online after declaring he had 'had enough' of ukip leader . brandishing his sword, he said: 'i'd like us to meet in hyde park one morning, with our swords, and resolve this matter' the prince, who lives in ealing, west london, said: 'i've had enough of the discrimination against polish people in this country'
the claim was made by the commander of russian space command . oleg maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk . but in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse .
lewis ferguson survived a spectacular fall from merrion square . the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual on thursday . ferguson said he was undeterred from getting back in the sadal .
lance corporal leonard keysor served during world war i in gallipoli . the 30-year-old fought in the trenches at lone pine in anzac cove . he was awarded the victoria cross for his 48-hour effort . lcpl keysor even caught some of the bombs in mid-air .
andrew steele, 40, has been found not legally responsible in the august 22 shooting deaths of his wife, ashlee steele, 39, and her sister, kacee tollefsbol, 38 . defense attorneys argued that lou gehrig's disease damaged steele's brain, making him not criminally responsible for the deaths . during steele’s trial earlier this month forensic psychiatrist dr. doug tucker had testified that a rambling note steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-
jeff bezos was pictured taking in the 'campo de' fiori' in rome on tuesday . he blended in with tourists but was discreetly accompanied by a security guard . the 51-year-old is worth $34.7billion from his online marketplace .
raheem sterling has been offered a new £100,000-a-week contract at anfield . the 20-year-old has been linked with a move to arsenal this summer . brendan rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on friday . rodgers has insisted that raheem sterling will not be going anywhere this summer and that focus for the moment is purely on his football .
brendan rodgers has met with raheem sterling to remind him of his responsibilities as a role model at liverpool . sterling was critcised after being caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide before pictures emerged of him holding a shisha pipe alongside team-mate jordon ibe . the midfielder has once again not been fined after rodgers spoke to him as well as ibe on thursday and the club insist the case is now closed .
meaghan hudson, 25, said she had multiple myeloma in december 2013 . close friends shaved heads in solidarity and got tattoos of inspirational song . well-wishers raised $5,000 for her 'medical expenses' at bowling alley . meaghan's sister said that her closest family had also been deceived . miss hudson, from chula vista, california, is facing jail on fraud charges .
michelle filkins, 44, of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property . she was discovered at the court street property in edgartown by owner mark conklin on april 17 . when he confronted her she claimed that she owned the house . when police arrived they discovered a large glass window to the left side of the front door had been broken and covered by a blanket .
a 2.5 metre bronze whaler came into papamoa beach, a popular bay of plenty destination, on saturday . onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish, but soon returned to take photographs and videos of the fish . 'look at it, it's huge,' shouted a boy from the shore . but before long the shark had seen enough and turned back out to sea .
bishop robert finn was convicted in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse . he led the diocese of kansas city-st. joseph, missouri .
tom sturridge is set to star in the west end play american buffalo . he will also star alongside damian lewis and john goodman in the play . the london-born actor is set to release a film with ryan gosling .
ashley young is willing to take a pay cut in his basic salary to prolong his stay at manchester united . the 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under louis van gaal . young is now being touted for a return to the england set-up .
kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 . the 35-year-old has travelled across europe, australia, new zealand and north and south america . he has covered an estimated 36,000,000 steps over the past 19 months . mr carr is set to complete his 16,300-mile round-the-world trip on thursday .
jamie redknapp and thierry henry face off in anticipation of floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao . sky sports boxing are asking people to film their own head to head to celebrate manny and money finally fighting . click here for all the latest boxing news .
thomas cain, 83, was left thinking there were no surviving photographs of his mother ora mae, who died in 1943 when he was just 13 years old . but his enterprising granddaughter, andrea ferrell, 29, gave him an old photograph she acquired from a distant relative in florida . ferrell described her 'pawpaw' as 'the greatest, most humble, god-fearing, family-oriented, loving man in the entire world'
brightly coloured crossing due to be installed in totnes, devon, as mark of town's pride for its gay community . but experts have warned painting road different colours could have side-effects for people with alzheimer's . fears were expressed to councillors who had been asked to back the plan to install crossing across area called plains .
madalina neagu, 42, arrived at hospital with severe pain in her abdomen . she told doctors she believed she was in labour so medics prepared to operate . but tests revealed she was actually carrying an 11lb (5kg) tumour inside her uterus . dr dorin scladan removed the growth and she was transferred to intensive care - and doctors say she will recover .
joseph o'riordan, 74, accused of trying to murder wife mandy, 47 . councillor stabbed her eight times with seven inch kitchen knife . o'riordan was 'choked up and emotional' when he told friend of plan . 'i think amanda is playing away. she’s getting her nails and hair done more regularly, she’s been on a diet and doesn’t want sex,' he said .
daniel agger is accused of elbowing fc copenhagen's mattias jorgensen . the former liverpool defender is to be investigated by the country's fa . brondby drew goalless with fc copenhagen on monday night .
alexis sanchez has scored 20 goals in all competitions this season . frank mclintock made 403 appearances for arsenal between 1964 and 1973 . the scottish defender joined the club for a club record £80,000 in 1964 .
australia recalls its ambassador to indonesia for consultations . indonesia's president shrugs off the diplomatic recall . australian prime minister tony abbott calls the executions "cruel and unnecessary"
the body farm, which would be located in lithia, florida, is a joint project between the university of south florida institute of anthropology and the hillsborough county sheriff's office . five to ten bodies from usf's after life body donation program would be buried or placed on two acres of the walter c. heinrich practical training center . the information gathered at the site could help investigators solve crimes and cold cases .
six young minnesota men are accused of plotting to join isis in syria . "they were not confused young men. they were not easily influenced," prosecutor says .
the pilot scheme will recruit 10 people with autism who will be based in microsoft's redmond offices in washington . microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at specialisterne . the plans were announced by mary ellen smith, corporate vice president of worldwide operations .
graziano pelle scored in southampton's 1-1 draw with england on tuesday . italy striker has not scored in the premier league since december 20 . ronald koeman has backed pelle to go on a run in the final eight games .
american pie lyrics were sold at auction in new york for more than $1 million . they were hand-written in 1971 by a young folk singer called don mclean . mclean loves words, he says, 'almost as much as life'
edward nudel, 41, was indicted wednesday on multiple charges after allegedly strangling a relative's dog and bragging about it afterward . police say nudel broke into his relative's home on march 11 and strangled a 2-year-old pomeranian named lola 'in an especially depraved and sadistic manner' nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and, after strangling the dog, he called the relative and said 'i killed lola' .
daley blind was given a large self-portrait by his parents as a late birthday present . the 25-year-old posted a picture on instagram of the impressive painting . blind has been a key figure for manchester united this season . louis van gaal's side face everton at goodison park on sunday .
chris greenwood stayed at camping la chapelle in argeles-sur-mer . he and his wife, catherine, and children, joe and anna, five, stayed there . the couple threw themselves at the mercy of campsite life .
a man stormed the runway at ellery's mercedes-benz fashion week australia show at carriageworks in sydney on sunday night . he was overheard complaining that the music was a 'disgrace' and show organisers had 'no respect for the local community' the man was removed from the venue by a security guard .
jesper blomqvist was a key player in manchester united's 1998-99 season . the swede made 38 appearances in the champions league final win over bayern munich in barcelona . blomqvist was on his way to everton but would continue to be haunted by injury . the 41-year-old helped coach youngsters from the manchester united foundation's street reds project .
in southern germany, hundreds braved the snow for a traditional easter monday procession on horseback . in slovakia women were doused with buckets of water as part of their weekend celebrations . a similar age-old tradition takes place in hungary, where after being sprinkled with water, the women give men beautifully coloured eggs .
alan pardew was booed every time he ventured to the touchline at newcastle . john carver has asked for advice from former managers alan shearer and alan pardew . newcastle fans are planning to protest against owner mike ashley .
list is dominated by european nations, particularly those in scandinavia . measures a country's population by factors contributing to citizens' contentment, rather than wealth . britons are happier now than they were two years ago, but still ranks in at a relatively lowly 21st place . unsurprisingly the world's least happy countries are places ravaged by war and extreme poverty . syria, burundi and togo take their place at the bottom of the 158-nation strong list .
jeremy peace is open to offers for west brom owner tony pulis . peace is understood to want between £150million and £200million . the baggies are currently fighting to avoid relegation from the premier league .
light dragoons are leaving robertson barracks in swanton morley this summer . they are set to move 200 miles to catterick, north yorkshire . more than 4,000 people, including hundreds of school children, lined route .
tyler walker scored his first senior goal for nottingham forest on monday . the 18-year-old is the son of former england defender des walker . he has managed just 56 minutes in his fledgling career so far .
julia van herck, 42, from fulham, west london, gained 12 stone after getting married . she wore a size 26 to size 28 and ate tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas . she suffered post-natal depression and was afraid husband would leave her . a health scare finally prompted her to lose weight and she underwent surgery . she has since slimmed down to 11 stone and is a size 12 .
nigeria's transition from president goodluck jonathan to president muhammadu buhari is the first of its kind in history . john sutter: for too long, nigeria's poor have been victims of their country's enormous wealth .
altamura man fell into a well 150,000 years ago . he became the oldest neanderthal to have his dna extracted .
jenson button failed to complete qualifying for the bahrain grand prix . the 35-year-old's mclaren engine cut out at the first corner of the race . fernando alonso managed to get a mclaren into q2 for the first time this season and will start 14th .
siem de jong played 72 minutes for newcastle under-21s on tuesday . he set up adam armstrong for decisive goal in 2-1 win at aston villa . de jong has only made one league start for magpies this season . he admits he is short of match fitness but hopes to be involved soon .
england are in danger of losing their fourth champions league spot . if italian and german clubs perform well this season, england could slip from their current ranking of second to a lowly fourth by the end of next season . juventus, napoli and fiorentina win all their remaining games possible, italy will go into next season within 0.1 points of england . if italian clubs continue to perform well this season, the premier league could end next season out of europe's elite .
model and environmental scientist laura wells has designed eco-friendly swimwear . the line is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material . wells designed the line in collaboration with us brand swimsexy .
scot young was killed after falling 60ft from his multi-million pound flat . his ex-fiancee noelle reno has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his death . the socialite also labels his death a ‘suicide’, pre-empting any coroner’s verdict .
waheed ahmed, 21, arrested with eight relatives near syrian border earlier this month . he was seen grinning as he began his journey back to the uk this evening . waheed is the son of labour councillor shakil ahmed .
hundreds of barrel jellyfish hauled in by fishermen on devon and cornish coast . thousands of jellyfish spotted over a mile in length off falmouth, cornwall . experts believe they are attracted by warmer waters and lack of predators .
carl froch has expressed his desire to fight julio cesar chavez jr in las vegas . the former world champion was stopped in nine rounds by andrzej fonfara . froch has not fought since knocking out george groves at wembley last may .
residents claim to have heard 'drilling' noises on good friday night . but they thought at the time that this was a continuation of road works . thieves returned a day after heist to steal more loot after becoming 'greedy'
chris roberts, a computer security researcher, was on his way to speak at a major security conference in san francisco this week . roberts had been removed from a united flight on wednesday by the fbi after landing in syracuse, new york . he was questioned for four hours after jokingly suggesting on twitter he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy . roberts' lawyer said united gave him no detailed explanation on saturday, saying
manchester city risk losing star man sergio aguero if they slip out of the premier league's top four . aguero scored 100 goals in just 158 appearances for city . the argentine has signed a new five-year deal at the etihad stadium .
jean-marie le pen, 86, angered daughter marine, 46, with racist and anti-semitic comments . he said the holocaust was 'a detail of history' and praised marshal petain . now he says he will not stand in provence-alpes-cote d'azur regional elections . but he wants granddaughter marion marechal-le pen, 25, to stand in his place .
up to 50 teachers - called the park view brotherhood - alleged to have exchanged 3,000 messages in a whatsapp group claiming the murder of soldier lee rigby was a hoax . it is understood the national college for teaching and leadership - the profession's watchdog responsible for banning teachers from classrooms - is looking at 30 disciplinary cases . the probe into the trojan horse plot last year found evidence of anti-western rhetoric, intolerance towards gays and a worldwide conspiracy against muslims .
uk stylist and blogger lily melrose has come up with 15 style hacks . all you need is a pair of pliers, a glue gun and some scissors . dip-dye is big news this season and adds a burst of spring colour .
william hague and david cameron to launch english manifesto tomorrow . prime minister expected to warn england risks being 'held to ransom' by snp . manifesto also expected to commit to dozens of new road schemes in england .
partick thistle's james craigen was sent off for a 'last man' challenge on stuart armstrong . craigen was shown a straight red card by referee willie collum . stefan johansen added a second in the 63rd minute . celtic remain seven points clear at the top of the scottish premiership .
the law will take effect in six months . around 2 million people will be able to benefit from the change .
four mini solid chocolate eggs equate to 550 kilojules . a man weighing in at around 80 kilograms could achieve the same in 30 minutes . a medium chocolate bunny contains around 4400 kilojules .
paul harris, 47, was arrested last july on suspicion of perverting course of justice . he has been released from bail after providing information to detectives . miss lawrence, 35, was last seen on march 18, 2009 .
the wily coyote was spotted on the grounds of a co-op building next to a church in chelsea, new york, on tuesday morning . it was captured more than an hour later when it was shot with a dart laced with ketaset . animal was taken to an animal care & control facility in east harlem, upper manhattan, for evaluation .
1954 bentley r-type continental fastback was estimated to sell for £200,000 . but it ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for the auction house . license plate still bears welsh racing driver r d weatherall's initials . it was eventually sold to an anonymous british car collector . when it is ready, it could be worth more than £1million .
fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act with plenty of shops now offering their own make-up ranges as well as clothing . from marks and spencer to primark, they’re all at it, flogging foundation and lippy alongside frocks and leggings . but are any of them worth splashing your cash on? claire coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test .
martin burgess clock b is based on john harrison's 18th century clock . he thought it up to solve problem of determining longitude at sea . clock has been part of 100-day trial at royal observatory, in greenwich . it was initially set ticking a year ago but it quickly became apparent trial would be a success and wax seals were placed on case . clock has since been certified by guinness world records .
caroline wozniacki congratulated jordan spieth on twitter . spieth won the first major of his career with a four-shot victory at augusta . but the tennis star was quick to ensure fans it wasn't a dig at rory mcilroy .
lyndey milan has teamed up with aldi to create easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $6 each . the home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the supermarket aisles to find healthy, fresh produce to turn into an easter feast . the results of her aldi experiment include greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree, smashed potatoes and carrots .
residents in west pittston, pennsylvania, were surprised to learn about the discovery . they believe the rubbish came from a plane's lavatory holding tank . faa said it is 'very rare for anything to fall from an aircraft'
tulsa county deputy robert bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter . he shot and killed eric courtney harris instead of using his taser .
marc wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder and his brother jean, 17, was shot dead on monday . their mother is roxanne dubé, the recently appointed canadian consul general in miami . police believe the two young men were armed with guns as they tried to rob a group of miami drug dealers . jean and joshua wright were killed, while anthony rodriguez was wounded .
taylor alesana, 16, of fallbrook, california took her own life on april 2 after being bullied because she was transgender . alesana described her struggles in one of the many videos she posted to her fans last november, saying: 'i’ve lost tons of friends, tons. and it’s been hell. i go to school every day, and i get my lunch and i sit down alone' the north county lgbtq resource center said the young woman did not have the support she needed
south sydney hooker issac luke will be investigated by the nrl integrity unit . the 27-year-old made a heartfelt appeal on instagram on saturday to track down the young rabbitohs fan who was allegedly attacked at anz stadium in sydney . luke hit back, saying: 'get off my page you lil poofters' .
aaron hernandez has pleaded not guilty to shooting odin lloyd five times . prosecutors have presented hundreds of pieces of evidence since testimony began on january 29 . a joint found near lloyd's body had dna from both men on it . the shell of a bullet matching the one that killed lloyd was found on the floor of hernandez's car - stuck to a piece of gum that matched hernandez's dna .
the dual carriageway was shut for an hour on monday afternoon . the pensioner drove a red peugeot towards southend - but on london . some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment .
hog's breath café in aspley is facing online criticism after a customer found a sink plug in her salad . the unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's facebook account where it was ‘liked’ over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it . several facebook users have left comments roasting the steakhouse franchise for the embarrassing mistake .
stormy weather system formed in the tasman sea hasn't hit nsw this strong since 2007 . east coast lows are particularly common in june and tend to be more frequent in autumn and winter . they are characterised by gales or storm force winds that can damage buildings, fell trees and powerlines . they can also cause powerful surf that can damage the coast and, in some cases, run ships aground .
vijay chokal-ingam, 38, applied to st. louis university medical school 'because i said i was black. the funny thing is i'm not' he says he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long indian eyelashes' and joined the organization of black students during the process . his sister mindy kaling, of the mindy project and is everyone hanging out without me?, strongly disapproves of his book .
managers from the london ambulance service have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from sydney and melbourne . they were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours . it is the latest example of how the nhs is recruiting overseas because it has failed to train enough staff in britain to meet the needs of the rising and ageing population .
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday . hamilton sprayed a hostess in the face with champagne after the race . the reigning world champion's celebrations have drawn criticism . object, a campaign against sexism and 'sex object culture', has condemned the behavior of the two-time world champion as 'selfish and inconsiderate' .
colin pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls . he strangled 15-year-old lynda mann to death after raping her in 1983 . three years later he raped and killed dawn ashworth, also 15, in leicester . pitchfork was caught two years later thanks to dna tests on all the men . he received a 30-year minimum sentence which was then cut to 28 in 2009 .
manny pacquiao faces floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 . bob arum has revealed that the contracts for the mega fight have yet to be signed . arum claims that the draft contract he received on april 15 is different to the terms that were agreed a few months ago . click here for all the latest boxing news .
richard symonds, 29, is one of the uk's top wikipedia administrators . he accused grant shapps of doctoring his own online biography . mr symonds, who joined the site in 2004, says he was not being political .
dell 'super dell' schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year probation on friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts, knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird . his admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil, horrible person . on friday, he returned to a federal court to plead guilty .
albert davison made a fortune by landing six-figure bets on his own horses . when he died, aged 73, he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in surrey . before he died, in 2011, he and his second wife fought a bitter battle . judge found mr davison had squandered millions through 'wasteful expenditure' and 'bad decision making' ex-wife penny ann davison, 59, has now launched a bid for a bigger slice of his legacy 
cristiano ronaldo scored five as real madrid thrashed granada 9-1 . the portuguese star is one of the fittest athletes in the world . ronaldo is now urging his fans to get into shape .
paige vanzant takes on felice herrig in the octagon on saturday night . vanzant has been hyped as the ufc's next big thing despite only having fought five times . the 21-year-old is one of a select few to sign an individual contract with reebok .
nac breda gave away a two-goal lead against fc dordrecht on saturday . adnane tighadouini scored the only goal of the game at the dugout . robert maaskant threw a devastating right hook at the substitutes bench .
taxpayer money is being used to fund an ‘army’ of spin doctors . more than 3,400 press officers employed by local councils across the uk . london has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working . nearly 45 councils employ 20 or more communications staff each . manchester city council was the worst offender for its size . it had 77 individuals working for it in pr and similar areas .
louisiana state university students were busted on i-10 in mobile county . they were hauling nearly 2,000 beers, ten liters of spirits and several litres of wine . harrison coogan, 18, hunter coker, 18, and carson buckner, 19, arrested .
obama granted clemency to 22 drug offenders who were sentenced under outdated guidelines . eight of those whose sentences were commuted were serving terms of life in prison . a commutation leaves the conviction in place and ends the punishment .
alfonso thomas will coach delhi daredevils in the indian premier league . somerset's limited-overs captain is still recovering from a broken ankle . thomas will continue his rehabilitation in india in the hope of being fit for somerset's second championship fixture against middlesex at the end of this month .
kseniya soukeras, 33, wants to name her unborn child michael, after her late father . her husband nicholas, 37, prefers the greek name spyridon, after his own father . the couple has been unable to settle their disagreement privately . nicholas has launched an online petition asking for help to sway his wife .
joe lewis wore an autographed shirt in blackpool's match with reading . the tangerines goalkeeper had to wear it because the club had no spares . the club's relegation from the championship was confirmed last week following rotherham's 1-0 win over brighton .
tesco still has the biggest share of the lucrative premium ale market . research by kantar shows the leader has improved its market share . but discounter aldi is luring customers away from troubled giant tesco .
hafeez batthi, 33, and his wife, khalida, 26, were abused by a middle-aged woman on a sydney train on wednesday . stacey eden, 23, overheard the ranter calling them 'isis terrorists' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple . ms eden and her partner have been offered an all-expenses-paid trip to the gold coast for a night and to see their mosque . ms eden is a blood
mark wahlberg will star in a film about the boston marathon bombing . the film, to be called "patriots' day," is being produced by cbs films .
fc chernomorets odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding and sponsorship . the ukrainian club are offering their players luxury houses by the sea to cover their salary debts . the consequences of their monetary plight has forced the club to sell their best players, with those still at the club being offered luxury properties .
laura bernardini is a director of coverage at cnn and a lifelong catholic . she has never read the bible from genesis to revelation .
harry panayiotou put leicester ahead after 18 minutes after getting on the end of a cross by anthony knockaert . rafael and adnan januzaj both limped off in the 44th minute after sustaining a rib injury . sean goss equalised for manchester united in the 32nd minute after wriggling past leicester's defence .
the obama administration moved on two fronts today to advance its nuclear diplomacy with iran, with talks between top u.s. and iranian diplomats at a united nations conference in new york . lead u.s. negotiator wendy sherman told a conference of reform jews that diplomatic collapse would leave iran perilously close to nuclear weapons capacity . republican presidential candidates are lining up to oppose any nuclear deal with iran .
the body of a new york woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an hour sunday after she hung herself . the unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20am sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building . witnesses say they were traumatized and one passer-by said she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a 'halloween prank' .
front row at mercedes-benz fashion week australia were given an eyeful in sheer dresses and pants by marriam seddiq . one model paraded in a completely see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination . another wore a long waistcoat worn open to reveal her chest and stomach .
rajul patel, 35, targeted wealthy gym members across london . he stole rolex watches, jewellery and iphones from wealthy gym members . patel obtained memberships using stolen driving licence of gym-going doctor . in one spree, he stole a man's platinum wedding ring, first-year anniversary ring, and a 40th birthday bracelet . he was finally stopped when a member spotted him returning to lockers . patel jailed for 32 months at isleworth crown court today .
arsene wenger has yet to decide whether to offer abou diaby a new contract . diaby made his latest comeback from injury in a practice game on wednesday . midfielder has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons . wenger also hopes to tie tomas rosicky down to a contract extension . click here for arsenal transfer news .
manny pacquiao appeared on mario lopez's extra programme on wednesday . the filipino boxer took a break from preparations for his fight against floyd mayweather on may 2 . pacquiao was wearing trainers, shorts and a woolly hat for a road work session ahead of the fight around his los angeles base . he posted a photo on twitter with the caption: 'i love my little girls. thank you lord for my family!'
dog discovered in play area of animal shelter in antioch, california . believed to have been burned by chemicals at foster home . hundreds of people have already got in contact looking to adopt pet .
kevin bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in state prison on friday for running a 'revenge porn' website and posting nude photos of women . bollaert moderated the site, ugotposted.com, which posted more than 10,000 images between december 2012 and september 2013 . he was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion . a group of bollaert's victims were flown in from around the country to be involved in
navinder singh sarao, 36, is accused of making £26million from illegal trades over five years . an investigation team involving six agencies in the us and britain want him put on trial in new york . but analysts are bewildered that it's taken this long for action to be taken . sarao was warned about his trading in 2009 by officials at the self-regulatory chicago mercantile exchange . however, he continued his alleged manipulation well into this year .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in a £160million mega-fight in las vegas on may 2 . mayweather released two pictures from his training camp appearing to show him hanging a weight from his head . pacquiao thanks actor mark wahlberg for visiting him at training . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas . the six-time olympic gold medallist will compete on may 2 and 3 . bolt insists he always does 'his best to make his country proud' .
woman in her 20s was standing up on a punt ferrying three friends in cambridge . she is believed to have fallen into the freezing water after hitting another boat . she disappeared under the water several times, screaming for help . two of her friends leapt in to save her and a punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to help pull her out .
doug hughes wrote about his flight on a website called the thedemocracyclub.org . "my flight is not a secret," the post says . hughes had letters for every member of congress urging campaign finance reform .
harry kane is eligible to play for roy hodgson's young lions this summer . but kenny dalglish says he should be kept fresh for the tournament . dalglish says kane should play for roy hodgson's first team instead .
the 44-year-old academy award winner was at the barnes & noble bookstore at the grove in los angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book . but before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust . 'octavia was mean, rude and horrible to everyone,' former octavia fan, angel guzman explained to the daily mail in an exclusive interview .
camilla parker-bowles, 67, was the most hated woman in britain . she was loathed for her role in the break-up of the prince and princess of wales' marriage . now she has become a much-loved member of the royal family . 56% credit her with charles' own increasing popularity .
photos mark the 50th anniversary of new york city's landmarks law . landmarks law was signed by mayor robert wagner on april 19, 1965 . it was upheld by the supreme court in 1978 following a campaign led by jacqueline kennedy onassis to save grand central . saving place opens tuesday at the museum of the city of new york . highlights what is widely seen as a watershed moment in the city's preservation movement .
queensland toddler kyhesha-lee joughin died from internal injuries in 2013 . her father matthew lee williamson and his friend christopher arthur neville kent have been charged with manslaughter and child cruelty . kent was granted bail in the brisbane magistrates court on wednesday after the court heard he'd offered to plead guilty on the basis of criminal negligence . the bail hearing revealed kyhesha-lee suffered blows to her stomach 
rangers kept pressure on hibernian in the race for second spot in the championship with a comfortable 4-0 win over raith rovers . nicky clark and haris vuckic scored apiece as rangers bounced back from thursday's defeat by queen of the south . nicky law grabbed a double as rangers bounced back from edinburgh derby defeat to hearts .
clare balding has married her partner of 14 years, alice arnold . the couple returned to the register office where their civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006 . miss balding has always made clear her intentions to marry once gay marriage became legal in the uk .
the video was filmed in moon park, odessa, southern ukraine . it sees a young girl dressed as a 'vampire' prey on late-night walkers . concerned passers-by run away in terror as the girl hides in the bushes .
the girl was attacked in namtsy, in the sakha republic in siberia . the circus is believed to have abruptly left the village after the attack .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats . in a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix . immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable .
manchester city are planning to table a mega-bid for raheem sterling . the premier league champions want to increase their homegrown quota . the transfer window officially opens on july 1 . but deals can be discussed between clubs prior to that date .
katy cavanagh has been the voice behind nestle kit kats and whitbread . the coronation street actress is said to have been given a telling off . bosses were said to be disgruntled that she was lending her voice to a rival station .
wales' euro 2016 qualifier with belgium has been declared a 33,000 sell-out . the top two sides in group b meet at the cardiff city stadium on june 12 . wales are in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 world cup finals in sweden .
the delorean is a replica of the car used in the back to the future films . it was being carried on the back of a tranpsporter between stoke-on-trent and crewe . police officers joked that the car had a 'leaking flux capacitor' from the movie .
the 1961 ferrari 250 gt swb california spider is regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made . but it is best known for the infamous scene in 1986 teen comedy ferris bueller, starring matthew broderick . the car, in classic ferrari red, was the pride and joy of the father of ferris bueller's best friend cameron in the movie . but the friends take the model out for a spin which results in the convertible accidentally smashing into the ravine below .
martina levato and alexander boettcher 'planned to throw acid' at men . the 30-year-old 'tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car' levato said she would 'do something bad' for boettcher, a milan court heard . the couple was detained on suspicion of throwing acid on pietro barbini .
'reenactment mfs' - east germany's secret police - forced people to re-enact their ordeal for the cameras of the secret police . the pictures were used as 'evidence' in the show trials against those caught . they were also used to train up border guards and trainee agents .
mike brown is unsure when he will return to action for harlequins . northampton wing george north has been advised not to play again this season after suffering four quick-fire concussions . ireland's johnny sexton was stood down for 12 weeks earlier this term .
dr giorgi-guarnieri said john hinckley should be allowed to start the band but not perform publicly . hinckley's lawyer and treatment team say he's ready to live full time at his 89-year-old mother's home in virginia under certain conditions . if hinckley is allowed to leave a mental hospital for good, he should have to live under strict conditions, wearing an ankle monitoring device and driving a car with a gps tracking device .
the eggs were created by 14 of the uk's top cake artists for a feature in cake masters magazine . each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work . inspired by the iconic russian eggs created by jeweller peter carl faberge which were famously gifted to the tsars alexander iii and nicholas ii .
april 27 is seen as the start of a free south africa after the fall of apartheid . people across the country and beyond took to twitter to celebrate this year's event .
the hunger games film franchise has grossed over $2 billion after three movies . the avengers garnered $1.5 billion with just one film in 2012 . sandra bullock topped forbes' list of the highest-earning actresses in 2014 .
the migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of libya .
colby ramos-francis was born with a small, heart-shaped growth . it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand . his parents claim nhs doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery, leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad . this week, colby had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the us-based little baby face foundation .
bradley parkes, 16, was discovered hanging in woods with suicide note . his mother tiffany, 35, said he had been tormented for months by gang . she said he had been robbed at knifepoint several times and slashed in face . schoolboy is now in a coma and his family have been warned to prepare for anything including brain damage .
michael clarke believes kevin pietersen could play in the ashes test series . pietersen has not played for england since the fifth test in sydney . the 34-year-old scored 170 against oxford mccu recently .
scientists at the ecole polytechnique federale de lausanne (epfl) in switzerland created a 'ghost' presence in the laboratory . test subjects performed movements with their hand attached to a robotic device . behind them, the robotic device reproduced their movements and touched them on the back . the sensation was re-created by researchers using a robot to interfere with the sensory signals in the brains of blindfolded volunteers .
some 42 per cent of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction . but 35 per cent disagreed with using the controversial technique . anti-fracking campaign group accused of trying to bury inconvenient result .
gchq intercepted calls and emails from libyan dissident sami al-saadi . but legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules, it has been ruled . investigatory powers tribunal ordered spies to destroy two copies .
arsenal drew 0-0 with chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday . theo walcott believes the gunners have been the 'best team in europe' . the 26-year-old has struggled to maintain a first team place under arsene wenger .
carlisle united lost 3-1 at accrington stanley on saturday . the cumbrians are without a win in five games in league two . manager keith curle has laid into his players following the loss .
randy and jodi speidel, from bellefontaine, ohio, created fundraisers on givefroward.com and gofundme.com in late february begging for financial help . mrs speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter, had no running water and were close to having their electricity and internet service shut off . they were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning this week .
jury selection started in january with 9,000 potential jurors . opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on april 27 . james holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity .
"daredevil" premiered its first season on netflix . the show focuses on attorney matt murdock, who was blinded as a child .
kevin pietersen has not played in the lv= county championship since 2013 . the 34-year-old has indicated that his campaign will start with a three-day warm-up against oxford mccu on april 12 . pietersen has raised the prospect of using the social network's new broadcast app, periscope, to showcase his session in real time .
james rodriguez will start for real madrid against granada on sunday . the colombian has recovered from a fractured right foot . carlo ancelotti said rodriguez 'has shown in training that he is fine' .
sydney's dan churchill was a guest star on good morning america (gma) on tuesday . the 25-year-old admitted he crushes more on hollywood star blake lively . churchill was in the us to promote his cook book 'dude food' .
texas was hit with more than two inches of rain water in just 15 minutes . hundreds were evacuated from a circus big top after the weather system tore through the sides during an acrobatics show in angleton on friday night . more than 1000 homes lost power between houston and dallas on saturday . one tornado blew through granbury at 7pm on saturday night . winds of up to 80mph were reported in hood county and parker county .
cara lee-fanus was rushed to st peter's hospital in chertsey, surrey, in may last year . doctors discovered bruises all over her body as well as burn marks on her head . she died the next day despite the best effort of medical teams . her mother kirsty lee, 25, and ex-boyfriend alistair wayne bowen, 35, appeared at guildford magistrates' court today . pair jointly charged with causing or allowing the death of a child .
johnny manziel has been released from rehab after checking into a facility on january 28 . the cleveland browns quarterback is out and ready to begin offseason workouts with the team, which begin on april 20 . this as many are still wondering what future the highly touted athlete will have in the nfl . manziel's hard-partying and off-the-field antics were well known while he was in college, with some worried his drinking was a priority .
james milner will make a decision on his future at the end of the season . liverpool are keen to fill the void created by steven gerrard's departure . milner is frustrated by reports suggesting he has already outlined a move .
richard and angela maxwell scooped £53,193,914 on the draw on tuesday . the couple, both 67, have only modest plans for what to do with the windfall . mr maxwell said he was in shock when he saw only one ticket had won £53million . he thought someone had scanned his ticket and put it online as a joke .
labour leader superimposed over london rapper plan b . miliband said: 'david, if you think this election is about leadership, then debate me one-on-one'
soil underneath slide showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour . this is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person . authorities believe radiation could be coming from something buried underneath park .
ronaldinho scored twice as queretaro beat club america 4-0 . yasser corona and orbelin pineda also scored for the hosts . tigres monterrey moved up to fourth in the clausura after 3-0 win .
russia expects kim jong un to visit moscow next month for world war ii anniversary celebrations . this would be kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting north korea in late 2011 .
trooper abraham martinez took chase when steven gaydos, 25, ran a stop sign near houston in december 2012 . gaydos knew he was being pursued but drove off because he was driving in a suspended license . martinez followed gaydos for nearly 40 miles at speeds of 130 mph before pulling alongside him and firing four times through the window of his moving car . as gaydos pulled over, martinez suddenly leaped out at him, kicked him to the ground and knocked him
hugh roche kelly was flying from berlin to paris yesterday morning . he posted on twitter how pilot dispelled 'tense vibe' by his actions . co-pilot andreas lubitz deliberately brought down germanwings flight 4u9525 . data from second black box today confirmed lubitz deliberately flew the airbus a320 into the side of a mountain into the french alps, killing 150 people .
nicola sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in britain . not because she might well cosy up to ed miliband and keep david cameron out of office, but because she is proof that women become sexier with age, income and office . in 2001 she dressed according to the angela merkel school of leadership – a boxy, androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity . today she has shed pounds, bleached her hair, squeezed her
manchester city are in danger of losing at least four homegrown players . frank lampard, scott sinclair and micah richards will all leave the club . james milner will decide his fate at the end of the season . manuel pellegrini watched city in their fa youth cup final on monday .
an american soldier was killed wednesday when an afghan soldier opened fire on a group of u.s. troops in the city of jalalabad . the incident happened after a meeting between afghan provincial leaders and a u.s. embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor in jalalabad . all u.s. embassy staff were accounted for and returned safely to their mission . nato confirmed one of its soldiers died in the attack, without providing the nationality of the slain soldier .
shannon hayes, 12, believes her pet hen has laid the world's smallest ever egg . the tiny egg, which measures just 1.8cm in length, is smaller than a 5p coin . it was laid in capel iwan, carmarthenshire, by a hen called muffin .
lishan wang, 49, was charged with murder in the shooting of dr. vajinder toor, 34, and shooting but missing toor's then-pregnant wife outside their branford, connecticut, home in april 2010 . mental health experts said wang displayed 'paranoid thinking' and was 'guarded and suspicious' when discussing a relationship with court-appointed lawyers . the ruling came after two mental health experts testified that wang is unable to rationally understand criminal proceedings .
robin wright won the best actress award for her role in house of cards . she married sean penn shortly after he split with madonna in 1989 . robin eschewed hollywood fame to raise her two children instead .
kevin pietersen scored 170 off 149 deliveries for surrey against oxford . it was pietersen's first appearance for surrey since the lv= county championship in june 2013 . england face west indies in antigua on monday .
andy and kim married this weekend at a service in dunblane cathedral . judy, 55, revealed that she is 'really looking forward' to being a granny . she also revealed that she taught her son basic dance moves .
hamilton college in clinton, new york, was placed on lockdown monday in response to a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at kirner-johnson building . campus officials said someone called in a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at the recently renovated kirner-johnson building before 10am . k-9 dogs were on scene .
luke shambrook, 11, went missing from the candlebark campground in the fraser national park north-east of melbourne on friday . he was found just before midday aest on tuesday in thick bushland off skyline road, eildon, 3km from the campsite . a police helicopter hovered overhead guiding searchers to the spot and capturing dramatic video . a uniformed police officer knelt down and offered luke reassurance he was finally safe 
neil phillips was england's team doctor at the 1966 world cup . sir alf ramsey promoted phillips from his role as under-23 team doctor . phillips left the fa in 1974 following ramsey's departure .
ukip has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources . party strategist said 'something extraordinary' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list . among the seats dropped from the list of hopefuls is folkestone and hythe, where janice atkinson was replaced after allegations of fraudulent expenses claims .
new: 200 people are feared missing after a landslide in a trekking area, an official says . kathmandu, a capital city of shattered temples and toppled houses, is hit by the quake . nepal is reeling from its deadliest natural disaster in more than 80 years .
tegan peters, 22, from auckland new zealand found a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in ti rakau park, south of auckland . she noticed the ball as she was driving past and decided to pull over, thinking it could be a good present for her one-year-old rottweiler-cross, odin . ms peters took a photo straight away and uploaded it on her facebook page . she then shared it with animal welfare pages in the area to alert people in case there were
shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window at the shimada cigarette shop in west tokyo . he is often found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber under the counter . owner hisako suzuki said business has picked up since the videos went viral .
james ward, 31, was attacked with an axe at his home in burnley, lancashire . he also had several other fingers partially severed and needed 38 staples . surgeons were forced to use them to seal wounds to his head, legs, and back . they managed to reattach his left index finger and he is now in hiding .
the cdc considers the likelihood of bird to human transmission of the virus "low" 16 states have seen bird flu since mid-december . 3.5 million birds have already been euthanized in the united states .
when sonia morales was pregnant, her daughter angela was diagnosed with anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull . but sonia and her husband rony decided to 'keep her no matter what' angela celebrated her first birthday on march 23 alongside their four-year-old daughter elizabeth .
sharon edwards, 55, was last seen on march 14 in grafton, nsw . her son, eli, said his family is struggling to come to terms with her disappearance . police are treating the investigation as a homicide . ms edwards has no history of mental illness .
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park, central victoria at 9.30am on good friday . it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since . luke has limited speech and his family say he is probably confused . search and rescue teams including the air wing, dog squad, local police and ses members, along with campers around the surrounding areas .
keith curle is one of only four managers in top 92 clubs to have played for england . a sportsmail study found that talking about football is more appealing to former players than a life orchestrating it . curle has spent most of the past 13 years in places where tv rights do not sell for billions .
pope francis faced a dilemma on sunday: whether to use "genocide" or "genocide" the vatican has walked the line between spiritual and worldly concerns for centuries .
april 8 was also "rex manning day" april 25 is "miss congeniality"
at its height in 1950, the ndrf consisted of 2,277 ships, reduced to 230 by 2007, and 122 in april last year . today, just over 120 ships remain, posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored .
'project elysium' claims to create a 'personalised afterlife experience' with loved ones who have passed . developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work . could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers, allowing people to live on in virtual reality .
kite measuring 6,000 metres (3.7 miles) took to the sky in chongqing, china . dubbed 'centipede with a dragon's head', it posed a danger to passing aircraft . chinese aviation authorities ruled the kite could not be flown .
sherlock star was challenged to a game by chinese ping pong legend deng yaping . but despite using a wooden spoon, deng still won the match . cumberbatch is a huge celebrity in china because of the popularity of the sherlock tv series .
liverpool lost 1-0 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley . brendan rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy . manchester united and chelsea have spent more than their rivals .
sky sports will pay £11millon a game to broadcast premier league football for three years starting in 2016 . overlord barney francis presented his way forward to staff this week . sky claim the strategy talk was preparing the station for a multi-platform future where a thierry henry video on sky’s youtube channel can become more important than traditional programme making .
bayer leverkusen lost 5-3 on penalties to bayern munich in the dfb-pokal . emir spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury . but amateur footage from after the game shows him involved in an altercation with stewards along the side of the pitch . spahic appeared to aim a headbutt at a member of stadium staff . the 34-year-old will issue an apology for his behaviour .
wellington silva signed for arsenal in 2011 for £3.5million from fluminese . but he has not been able to play for the club without a work permit . on tuesday he revealed on twitter that he has been granted a spanish passport . the passport means he can now play for any team in the european union .
national radio astronomy observatory is objecting to proposals by irobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower . it claims irobot's machines will interfere with its sensitive radio telescopes which astronomers are using to pick up signs of alien life . the frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 mhz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on . irobot says its vision is to create lawnmowers guided wirelessly from beacons on poles stuck into the lawn .
castello baronale was built in the 12th century and was used as a fortress by napoleon . the fort remained in the family for 400 years, until it was sacked by napoleon . the castle is located just 31 miles (50km) from rome, and includes nine en-suite bedrooms, a lavish ballroom, library, gym and even a theatre .
matt phillips scored twice as qpr drew 3-3 with aston villa on tuesday . the winger now has seven assists in europe's top five leagues . barcelona star lionel messi has made eight assists this season . wolfsburg midfielder kevin de bruyne has 17 assists in the bundesliga .
families in the uk are more indebted than many other major developed nations . imf said mainly due to borrowing to buy expensive homes . the uk was singled out as having a problem with household debt .
manchester city have big plans to revamp the team in the summer . yaya toure and samir nasri are among the high-profile casualties . but what if they come fifth?
speaking to the tampa bay times while promoting his upcoming film the forger, travolta said he never intends to watch the documentary . 'i've been so happy with my experience in the last 40 years...that i really don't have anything to say that would shed light on (a documentary) so decidedly negative,' travolta said . scientologists hold a 'blackmail file' on travolta to stop him leaving the faith, the doc claims .
craig bryson opened the scoring for derby in the third minute . tom ince doubled their lead shortly after half-time . steve mcclaren was unable to field chris martin due to a hamstring injury . derby continued their promotion push with a win .
david cameron has asked first great western to 'urgently review' plans . he has promised to freeze fares in real terms for whole of next parliament . labour has also pledged to bring in a 'cap' on price hikes .
lydia kelm, 23, was arrested for driving under the influence after she allegedly caused a scene at a mcdonald's drive-through while wearing nothing but a bra and panties, police say . kelm had a blood-alcohol content of .247 when police tested her after showing up to the mcdonald's in leesburg, florida, early monday . kelm revved her engine loudly and backed up twice, prompting workers to yell repeatedly for her
alaska airlines flight 448 from seattle to los angeles took off on monday . the pilot heard banging and screaming from beneath the aircraft . the captain immediately returned to seattle and declared an emergency . the cargo hold where the handler was trapped is temperature controlled . ramp agent was found inside the front cargo hold after the plane landed .
suma was first diagnosed with arthritis in 2013 after keepers noticed stiffness in her movements . x-rays were taken in areas where the orangutan has arthritis, including her hips and ankles . dr marino pirpiris, who usually treats humans, joined senior vet dr helen mccracken to examine suma . suma will turn 37 in june .
baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california .
the deepwater horizon rig exploded and unleashed the largest marine oil spill in the nation's history . sally kohn: we are still experiencing -- yet only beginning to truly understand -- its profound repercussions .
andrew sadek, 20, was a confidential informant for police after he was caught selling marijuana on campus in 2013 . his mother, tammy sadek, believes he signed his death warrant when he began working for the task force . investigators haven't concluded whether sadek was slain or killed himself . a gun that fires the same caliber bullet that killed sadek is missing from their family farm near the tiny town of rogers .
darron gibson damaged his metatarsal during everton's 2-1 win over qpr . roberto martinez expects gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape . romelu lukaku is only 50/50 to be involved in everton's trip to swansea .
a swastika and the word 'scum' were sprayed in white paint on the window . a 'q' was added to the blue front door, which some say stands for quisling . it comes six months after buildings and polling stations were defaced .
a russian fighter jet intercepted a u.s. reconnaissance plane over the baltic sea . the pentagon says the russian pilot's actions were "unsafe and unprofessional"
christian benteke scored his eighth goal in six games for aston villa . villa are now six points clear of qpr in the premier league . benteke thinks it would be risky to think that one more win will be enough .
carlos toro, 66, worked as a mid-level member of the medellin cartel in the 1980s . a confrontation with his boss caused him to flee from colombia fearing for his life . toro came to the united states and began working for the dea as an informant . he wasn't paid for work, but was told he would be rewarded with us citizenship . declining health forced him to retire and he is now living in the us illegally .
gareth bale has said he wants to stay at real madrid . manchester united, chelsea and manchester city are all interested . bale could be sold by real to help finance a move for marco reus .
audrie pott, 15, was sexually assaulted at a party in saratoga, california, in 2012 . she awoke to find her pants off and lewd comments scribbled over her body . days later her family learned of the assault and learned of it online . her attackers finally apologized and admitted she was unconscious . they also apologized for sharing false rumors that 'served to shame' audrie hanged herself after learning cellphone photos were shared .
kayla mooney, who is in her first year teaching science at danbury high school in danbury, connecticut, turned herself into police at 5pm on tuesday . she was accused of engaging in sexual activity with the boy while off campus late last year . following the accusations, mooney was also put on paid administrative leave on february 10 . a judge granted police a warrant to arrest mooney and she has now been charged with second-degree sexual assault and providing alcohol to a minor .
caster semenya reclaimed south african 800-meter title on saturday . former 800 world title-holder won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds . semenya's winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the worlds in beijing in august .
crystal palace host west bromwich albion in the premier league on saturday . everton host burnley while leicester host swansea city . chelsea host manchester united in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . newcastle united host tottenham hotspur in the fa cup semi-final .
patrick james fredricksen, 30, has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter . police say he was stopped on his way to one child's home in eastern utah . fredricksen has been booked into emery county jail for investigation of theft of a vehicle and attempted child kidnapping .
ronald koeman will wait for a more accurate date on fraser forster's return . kelvin davis will deputise for the england goalkeeper until the end of the season . koeman believes forster is a 'fantastic goalkeeper' southampton travel to everton in the premier league on saturday .
eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake . of these, 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week . pre-hypertension was found in 27.4 per cent of the population .
swansea drew 1-1 with everton in the premier league on saturday . jonjo shelvey scored from 12 yards to rescue a point for the visitors . seamus coleman handled in the penalty box, according to michael oliver .
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley . mario balotelli had the ball in the net but was unfairly flagged for offside . brendan rodgers admitted he was frustrated by the referee's decision .
coachella valley music and arts festival in california costs £187 per day . headliners include ac/dc, jack white, florence and the machine . brooklyn beckham and alessandra ambrosio pay the highest prices .
stacey eden, 23, made a bold stand in defence of a muslim couple who faced a racially-charged tirade on a sydney train on wednesday . ms eden recorded the rant and rushed to the defence with a fiery spray notably absent of any swearing . hafeez ahmed bhatti, who was racially abused, said he was shocked by the incident .
list of 'religious punishments' dictates 'death for the penetrator and receiver' 'spying for disbelievers' is a 'warning and deterrent' to the kufr, or disbelievers and infidels . 'highway robbery' and offences such as 'calumny' are to be punished . homosexuality is also to be punished by 'death for the penetrator and receiver'
england left for the caribbean on thursday knowing they must beat the west indies on their return to test cricket . stakes are high for england after a disastrous world cup and the introduction of a new ecb chairman in colin graves . pietersen has rejoined surrey in an attempt to win back his test place .
chen yuntao, 38, is begging people to ride his son chen minghao, nine . he wears a horse mask as he kneels on the streets of hefei city . minghao has undergone 20 course of chemotherapy for leukaemia . now the cancer has returned and the family are in huge debt .
far-right afrikaner resistance movement (awb) is brainwashing teenagers . they are pushed to their limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons . by night, they are subjected to racist indoctrination which many hoped had disappeared from south africa for good .
manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace at selhurst park on saturday . glenn murray opened the scoring before jason puncheon equalised . yaya toure grabbed one back for the visitors but it wasn't enough .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu criticizes the iran nuclear deal . he says he sees better options than "this bad deal or war"
iraqi government struggles to regain support of sunnis in fight against isis . u.s. poured money into iraq after 2003 invasion, but did not make it contingent on a fair distribution of power by the iraqi government .
spectators flock to humble, texas, for shell houston open . phil mickelson and jordan spieth both impress in run up to masters . mickelson is one stroke behind the leader andrew putnam .
george boyd has run the distance between burnley's turf moor ground and crystal palace's selhurst park . tottenham hotspur midfielder christian eriksen is second in the list . burnley winger boyd is joined by scott arfield and david jones .
bacary sagna left arsenal for manchester city in the summer . sagna has only made 16 appearances for city this season . sagna said he would make the same decision again if faced with a similar decision .
ronan ghosh, 39, stole meat and wine from a tesco in birmingham, court heard . he was caught on cctv trying to smuggle the goods out of the store . ghosh heads a global recycling company with a turnover of £16million .
cristiano ronaldo's yellow card against rayo vallecano was rescinded . gareth bale, toni kroos, james rodriguez and james rodriguez are all out . as believe that if barcelona beat sevilla, then they're 'halfway to la liga' .
the measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels . it also wouldn't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph, in case the hand-dryer manufacturer doesn't label the decibel level .
emad sahabi suffered horrific ankle injury playing for saudi arabian side al orubah . midfielder's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down ball . al orubah went on to win the match 2-0 but result was overshadowed by injury .
celtic drew 1-1 with third-placed inverness caley thistle on saturday . leigh griffiths and edward ofere scored in the first half for the hosts . ronny deila's side have beaten aberdeen 8-2 on aggregate this season .
the azamara line has two ships in its fleet, journey and quest, which each carry about 680 passengers . the size of the ships means it is able to access ports off-limits to the bigger vessels . the quest vessel carries about 680 passengers, making it a more intimate voyage .
lord neuberger said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress as they should 'show, and be seen to show respect towards different customs' he said judges should be 'sensitive' to the fact they usually come from 'more privileged sector of society' than many of those facing them . lord neuberger's address comes at a time of uncertainty over the place of muslim traditional dress in the legal system .
lib dem leader reveals he struggled with maths at school . he will use tomorrow's manifesto launch to promise a 'stronger economy' clegg has promised to 'spread the burden' of deficit reduction .
university of kentucky fans set fires and smashed bottles in lexington, kentucky saturday night following the team's 71-64 loss to the university of wisconsin . more than 30 arrested on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct . university of wisconsin will play duke in monday's ncaa final - the school's first final since 1941 .
blackburn rovers face liverpool in fa cup quarter-final on wednesday . tom cairney has sympathy for raheem sterling's contract negotiations . rovers held manchester city to a draw last season but were thrashed 5-0 .
former new england patriots tight-end aaron hernandez was found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison . a jury panel in fall river, massachusetts, spent 36 hours deliberating hernandez’s fate before returning a guilty verdict . following the sentencing phase, which took place immediately after the conviction, hernandez was handcuffed and returned to jail . a first-degree murder conviction in massachusetts automatically triggers an appeal to the supreme judicial court
the injured and diseased husky was picked up by rspca inspectors in adelaide . the husky has an injury to his right rear leg, possibly the result of being hit by a car . he is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange, which has sparked secondary skin infections . the husky has been named hero by his carers and is now being treated by rspca vets .
nico rosberg wary of ferrari ahead of sunday's bahrain grand prix . mercedes driver described their pace as 'dangerous' and 'worrying' rosberg trails lewis hamilton by 17 points in the drivers' standings .
the president opened his speech on the south lawn on thursday by remarking 'that whole (deflategate) story got blown out of proportion' but then came the zinger: 'i usually tell a bunch of jokes at these events, but with the patriots in town i was worried that 11 out of 12 would fall flat' obama was flanked by belichick and billionaire patriots owner bob kraft . a spokesman for the team cited 'prior family commitments' as the reason
foreign minister julie bishop met with malaysian shoe designer jimmy choo in perth over the easter holidays . the pair met at a japanese restaurant where choo was a special guest at a luncheon, attended by ms bishop . ms bishop is a huge fan of the 66-year-old's designs and regularly opts for her favourite pair of jimmy choo heels . mr choo is currently in australia to host his first ever masterclass .
jack grealish made his first premier league start for aston villa on tuesday . the republic of ireland under 21 international wears children's shinpads . grealish says referees have tried to tell him to pull his socks up .
beth o'rourke, 44, of paxton, massachusetts, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer and passed away april 16 . the mother of courtney, 11, and seamus, 8, wrote a heartbreaking obituary for herself before passing away . she stated in her obituary: 'i was a survivor. i loved a long run, to sit quietly by the lake, to read and dance and sing and be silly with our children' .
a collection of the historic artefacts from the sultan empire will go on sale at london auction house bonhams this month . experts expect them to fetch a total of around £1million . items include a gem-set sword with pink, green and red stones and an ornate tiger's head pommel .
dustin johnson became the first man ever to have three eagles in one round . jordan spieth followed his 64 with a 66 to set a new 36-hole record total of 14 under par . the 21-year-old tied the lowest 36-hole total seen in a major .
isis militants seized up to 90 per cent of yarmouk camp in south damascus . they posted gruesome images showing severed heads of two alleged members of aknaf beit al-maqdis online . decision to publicly execute the men has prompted outrage in gaza . hundreds fled yesterday amid shelling by government forces and clashes between isis fighters and palestinian militants .
kejonuma leisure land, in tohoku, japan, closed its doors in 2000 following a drop in visitors . urban explorer florian seidel, 38, visited the site in 2014 to document the park's ongoing dereliction . he said: 'it turned out to be one of the most underrated abandoned places i have ever visited'
the 34-year-old mother-of-one married rapper kanye west in may last year . north, who turns two in june, is already obsessed with make-up and shoes .
qatar's constellation group has bought a majority stake in the company that owns claridge's, the connaught and the berkeley hotel . the gulf state may have been accused of helping to fund islamic extremists and bribing officials to host the 2022 world cup . as this investigation shows, london is rapidly becoming qataropolis .
rob kardashian, brother to kim, kourtney and khloe, has disappeared from media spotlight over the last year . the 28-year-old is rarely seen out and about and is thought to have struggled with his weight gain over the recent years . his sister khloe has previously revealed that she believes her brother suffers from social anxiety .
danel hall jr was shot in the stomach by a stray bullet intended for an aggressive dog . the 10-year-old was rushed to hospital where he underwent emergency surgery . the bullet narrowly missed his liver and he underwent emergency surgery . police are still looking for the person who fired the shots in centre point, alabama .
brooke shedd, 26, and jane shalakhova, 25, appeared on today's this morning . trio said they are in a 'unique' situation where they both love adam . brooke has a five-year-old son, oliver, from a previous relationship . jane has just had another baby, danté, with adam .
dane bowers, 35, is accused of hitting ex-fiancee sophie cahill, 31 . bowers was charged with common assault in february, causing a bloody nose . he popped the question during a winter break in tenerife in december 2013 . bowers will appear before magistrates in south london next month .
"grace of monaco" will premiere on lifetime on memorial day, may 25 . the critically-panned film opened last year's cannes film festival . the weinstein co. sold it directly to lifetime rather than book it into u.s. theaters .
sam allardyce wants west ham to qualify for the europa league next season . the hammers currently sit first in the premier league fair play table . allardyce wants his side to finish top of the premier league fair play table .
femail has worked with dietitian lucy jones from the almond board of california to study snacking habits in the uk . she identified three tribes of snackers: snack amnesiacs, situational snackers and super snackers . ms jones is encouraging women to try the 21 day snack happy challenge: a simply snack on a handful of almonds once a day for 21 days .
xavier denamur sparked fury after he exposed france as a country of microwave cheats . he even went as far as to compare it as being the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline . 'the microwave has become the chef's best friend,' he said .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will meet in las vegas next week . mayweather welcomed mariah carey to his gym . pacquiao made his latest appearance on jimmy kimmel live .
michael owen has warned raheem sterling that life after liverpool may not be all he hopes it to be . the england youngster rejected a £100,000-a-week deal at anfield . owen, like sterling, started his senior career at liverpool but eventually moved on to real madrid in 2004 . chelsea, arsenal and manchester city are all said to be interested in the hottest property in english football .
average briton enjoys 884 cups of tea each year - enough to fill two bathtubs . those aged 55 and over typically enjoy 21 cups of tea a week . third of women turn to a cuppa to make them feel better when unwell .
chloe valentine died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in 2012 . her mother, ashlee polkinghorne, and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to chloe's manslaughter through criminal neglect . in an emotional statement outside the adelaide inquest on thursday, chloe's grandmother welcomed coroner mark johns' ruling that families sa was broken and fundamentally flawed .
sarah-jane kurtini, a social media expert, says people need to be more aware of their ramblings on the web . it is amazing how many parents leave on their instagram location settings to off if you don't want people to know where you and your children live . don't take any digital photos - this isn't a road most people want to go down .
andre ayew is out of contract at marseille and wants to join liverpool . the ghana international admits he supported liverpool as a boy . ayew's representatives have held talks with roma, wolfsburg, borussia dortmund and napoli .
sami khedira is being courted by manchester united and chelsea . the germany international has struggled with injuries at real madrid . khedira's representatives have spoken to schalke on a number of occasions .
thomas k. jenkins, 49, of capitol heights, maryland, was arrested last month by deputies with the prince george's county sheriff's office . from september 2014 to february 2015, jenkins allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in dover, delaware . jenkins has been accused by the dover police department of robbing multiple businesses .
all flights halted for about 20 minutes after potential drone sighting reported . departing flights delayed and some incoming flights diverted to other airports . police search failed to turn up any evidence that a drone was operating in air space used by commercial airliners .
chinese designers have developed a washing machine called the bike washing machine that contains a washing machine drum in its front wheel . when ridden, the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate, churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer . a generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for later use . the invention could find use in remote areas where people do not have access to reliable supplies of electricity .
u.s. born and raised in california and texas, womack is a principal dancer in moscow's kremlin ballet theatre . she says she is paid around $240 a month, which works out at around $8 a day . womack says the amount of money she makes in dollars each month has fallen as the russian ruble has weakened .
amelie mauresmo is expecting her baby in august . the 35-year-old broke the news on social media on thursday night . murray marries long-time fiancee kim sears at dunblane cathedral on saturday .
graham leonard hijacked plane's tannoy system while drunk to sing karaoke . he then caused an airport to be evacuated after deliberately setting off the fire alarm on arrival in aberdeen . he admitted endangering the aircraft and its passengers at aberdeen sheriff court .
amy schumer took a fake tumble on the red carpet at the 2015 time 100 gala . kanye west and kim kardashian stepped around her . the stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers .
charlie kwentus, 42, from webster groves, missouri, was granted his dying wish by the annie's hope bereavement center for kids . the charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included .
abdul hadi arwani was found slumped in a car with wounds to his chest . the 48-year-old was a fierce critic of syria's president bashar al-assad . his family have paid tribute to 'the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet'
cameron will say tories are party of opportunity for all who want to get on . he will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment . claim will be seen as tacit endorsement of sajid javid's leadership ambitions .
christianne boudreau of calgary, canada lost her son damien clairmont last year when he was killed fighting for the islamic state in syria . ms boudreau raised her son in a catholic household, but he converted to islam at the age of 17 while he was having a hard time in high school . ms boudreau says her son's radicalization took a turn in 2011 when he started growing his beard out and distancing himself .
jonas gutierrez has been a substitute in newcastle's last three games . the 31-year-old has been a hero's reception from newcastle fans . newcastle host sunderland at the stadium of light on sunday .
yan tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan . but two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to 14 stone 2lbs . weight gain was part of a plan to keep you's pretty girlfriend by his side .
isis is trying to 'pick up' potential fighters among the 'very young and mentally ill' assistant commissioner mark rowley said there has been a 'step-change' in the scope and scale of terror threats .
boko haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast . the militants have attacked relentlessly for six years .
kristin holmes, 26, allegedly uploaded image after being mistaken for another woman . captioned photo: 'i'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference' she then 'exchanged words' with other users on facebook, it is reported . after user reported photo to police, holmes was arrested and charged . she is now facing a class 1 misdemeanor that could result in one year in jail .
twenty-two-year-old rachel jaajaa and 29-year-old aaron tate's daughter was found on friday night at a mcdonald's in elyria, ohio . a patron from the mcdonald's called 911 after seeing the baby was left alone . police say jaajaa refused to take the baby because it was the father's 'turn to have the baby' and she had plans .
neill buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned to death in march 2013 . elvis kwiatkowski and chas quye, both 36, were obsessed with the show . videos found on their phones showed mr buchel being made to rub chilli pepper on his genitals . he was thrown out of family home after spiralling into alcohol addiction . quye set fire to his own pubic hair while eating chilli and taking shots from a bb gun .
psg face barcelona in the champions league quarter-final first leg . ligue 1 champions will be without zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti . psg beat olympique de marseille 3-2, thrashed st etienne 4-1 and won the league cup final 4-0 against bastia on saturday .
warner bros and dc entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as dc comics superheroes within 24 hours . the april 18 event kicked off in queensland, australia, with a celebration at the movie world australia theme park . it ended in los angeles, california, at the hollywood & highland center . venues in 15 cities, including los angeles and queensland, participated in the event .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 1-0 at the signal iduna park . robert lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer . lewandowski spent four years at dortmund, leading them to back-to-back league titles during that period . pep guardiola's side stretch their lead at the top of the bundesliga to 10 points .
sydney’s dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average house price to $690,000 . it's a record growth and the strongest increase since april in 2009 . the reserve bank cut official interest rates to 2.25 per cent in february leading to a weekly 80 per cent auction clearance rate . sydney's performance drove the quarterly national dwelling value to heighten by 3 per cent . brisbane, adelaide and perth suffered significant declines over the quarter .
barcelona face paris saint-germain in the champions league on april 15 . neymar feels the tie will prove a real footballing 'spectacle' barca beat manchester city in the last 16 of the competition .
fast food giant installed metal spikes outside branch in leeds city centre . critics say they are there to stop people sleeping rough outside branch . mcdonald's says spikes were installed to stop anti-social behaviour .
viktoria charkley was watching the lion king for the first time on saturday . her father, barles charkley, posted the video to his facebook page . it has so far garnered more than four million views on the disney site . mr charkley urges viewers to 'check out' her tear-jerking reaction .
south african sports minister fikile mbalula has received assurances from fifa's ethics committee that it will complete and present a report in june . fifa had strong suspicions that some of the south african national team's warm-up games in the weeks before it hosted the world cup were fixed . referees were suspected of working for convicted match-fixer wilson raj perumal and manipulating matches .
greystone park psychiatric center, in new jersey, was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients . it became known for the vast number of patients who committed suicide and were raped . preservationists are battling to save the building which has been left to fall into disarray . demolition work has begun on the building but preservationists are arguing it should be turned into a museum .
borussia dortmund have offered a contract extension to mats hummels . the 26-year-old has been on manchester united's list of targets . dortmund ceo hans-joachim watzke is optimistic about extending his stay .
leonardo ulloa scored twice as leicester beat swansea 2-0 at the king power stadium . andy king's late tap-in meant leicester have scored two or more goals in a fourth consecutive top-flight match for the first time since may 2000 . esteban cambiasso will surely be named leicester’s player of the season come what may .
dr sameer patel has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the 'desk diet' some breakfast cereals can contain as much as three teaspoons of sugar per serving . coffee and tea are notorious for staining between teeth and if drunk regularly, the staining, tannin compounds can build up and cause teeth to turn yellow .
the new shepard spaceship is designed to fly three people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes . about 62 miles (100 km) above earth . it will launch from blue origin's west texas facility near van horn, texas, southeast of el paso . the rocket engine, called be-3, has been completed, the last major milestone before the liquid oxygen- and liquid hydrogen-fueled motor is attached to the new shepard capsule for flight .
president barack obama will visit armenia this week to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by ottoman turks . but the white house refuses to use the term 'genocide' for fear of offending ally turkey . kim kardashian and the pope have called for the world to recognize the killings as a genocide .
the oratory school in fulham, west london, was criticised for engaging in ‘social selection’ . watchdog accused the school of cherry-picking privileged white children using strict faith-based entry requirements . but this was overturned by a high court judge who said this decision was ‘flawed’ and ‘unreasonable’ .
lz granderson: it's hard to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician . hillary clinton and her experienced campaign team are relentlessly on message, he says .
the knightsbridge flat, london, has just three years left on the lease . the cost would work out at £191,000 per year, or £15,000 per month . but if any buyer decides to extend the lease, the property could be worth £6m . it boasts three bedrooms, two bathrooms, a reception room and utility room along with a lift, parking and a communal garden .
peter fox, 26, was arrested at euston station in london this morning . his mother bernadette, 57, and sister sarah, 27, were found dead in bootle . merseyside police said mrs fox died of asphyxiation, while mrs fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed . cctv images show mr fox leaving liverpool lime street at 8.18pm on wednesday and arriving at e
vincent kompany believes that manchester city can 'rectify' their season . manuel pellegrini's side were beaten 3-1 by crystal palace on monday night . kompany believes that being the underdogs suits his side .
amir khan is training for his upcoming fight against chris algieri . the bolton-born fighter took a break from using the speed ball . khan unleashed a flurry of punches as he kept the bottle in the air .
polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent . but bookies are seeing a completely different picture in private . twice as many bets on who will win most seats have been placed on tories . one bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on tories .
luis suarez scored twice as barcelona beat psg 3-1 in the champions league . suarez says he had to nutmeg david luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal . suarez has now scored 17 goals for barcelona this season .
ousman jatta, 45, took wife beryl, 88, to a care home while he went to africa . but when he went to pick her up he was told social services had intervened . mr jatta, who is his wife's carer, was not allowed to take her home with him . he has threatened to go on hunger strike unless council hand over his wife .
wolves defeated leeds rhinos 29-10 in their super league clash . kevin sinfield made 500 appearances for leeds in 1997 . warrington produced their best display in an 18-6 win over leeds in march .
kristen lindsey, 31, from brenham, texas, allegedly hunted the animal down and shot it with a bow believing it was feral . but a local rescue center say the cat, believed to be called tiger, was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks . lindsey, a colorado state graduate, lost her job at the washington animal clinic after the image began circulating online .
five-month-old elijah suffers from type 1 spinal muscular atrophy . doctors say he will probably not survive his second birthday . his mum jessica and dad andrew mccrae have compiled a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away . the family are planning to show elijah as much of the world as they can in his final days .
the california giant's patent details a cloud-based system where a personality could be downloaded to a robot, in the same way one might download an app . the personality could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or 'a celebrity' .
paul scholes co-owns salford city with gary neville, ryan giggs, phil neville and nicky butt . a draw here at prescot cables means automatic promotion will become only an outside possibility . salford have won six on the bounce, their latest victory away at burscough on saturday .
a booming black market in hong kong has spurred bakeries to make and sell knockoffs . people are hired to stand in line to buy the goods and are later resold at a 70% mark-up yards away . from cronuts to ramen burgers, here are some foods that people have spent hours of their lives waiting for .
nicholas salvador, 25, is accused of killing palmira silva, 82, in her garden . salvador, nicknamed 'fat nick', appeared at london's old bailey . he also pleaded not guilty to a separate assault charge, giving same reason . widow ran a successful cafe, silva's cafe, in church street, edmonton .
some of 2,500 police officers involved in tracking down boston bombers showed lack of 'weapons discipline' during two firefights with brothers, new report reveals . in first standoff, officers fired 'toward vicinity' of tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev 'without necessarily having identified and lined up their target' they also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns and transit cop richard donohue was critically wounded . shortly after firefight, an officer mistakenly fired on a police vehicle carrying two other cop
calbuco volcano suddenly sprung into life at 6pm yesterday in southern chile . two massive explosions shot billions of cubic metres of ash into atmosphere . ash covered nearby towns and villages, caking localities in mounds of soot . first eruption in over four decades sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the air, creating an incredible display of lightning and lava against night's sky . another unexpected eruption in los lagos region today heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated and more flights being grounded .
attorney for gray's family alleges police are involved in a cover-up . freddie gray died one week after being taken into custody by baltimore police .
david luiz was at fault for both goals as psg lost to barcelona on tuesday . itv pundit roy keane said luiz looked 'lost' following his poor display . neymar scored twice as psg crashed out of the champions league .
the unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent, the labor department said in its monthly report friday . the march jobs data raised uncertainties about the world's largest economy, which for months has been the envy of other industrialized nations . a strong dollar has slowed u.s. exports, home sales have sputtered and cheaper gasoline has yet to unleash more consumer spending .
raheem sterling wants liverpool fans to sing his name at anfield . sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract offer . the 20-year-old has been linked with a number of europe's top clubs .
danny willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win the masters since fuzzy zoeller in 1979 . yorkshireman finished joint 12th after a closing round of 68 . willett and rory mcilroy met at the amateur championship in 2007 .
shannon dooley, 30, has created 'retrosweat' - an eighties-inspired aerobics class in the style of jane fonda's workouts . the aerobics classes have 12 dance tracks and dooley mixes up the soundtrack to keep people excited each week .
toni duggan has scored 11 goals in 16 games for england this world cup . the manchester city striker has recovered from a serious knee injury . duggan says england won't fear anyone at the tournament in canada .
900 migrants died when migrant boat capsized off libya's coast this weekend . two moving candle-lit vigils have been held in valetta, malta, and italy . an equally emotional service has been held in front of rome's verano cemetery . deadliest migrant tragedy on the mediterranean so far took this year's death toll to 1,800 . three others died when rickety wooden boat ran aground on greek island of rhodes .
new nhs guidelines urge gps to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s . they also urge younger patients suffering from cancer, dementia, heart disease or serious lung conditions to ask if they want doctors to try to resuscitate them . nhs says guidance will improve patients' end-of-life care . but medical professionals say it is 'blatantly wrong' and will frighten elderly into thinking they are being 'written off'
faith myers, 14, from nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia . footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat, with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread . 'i don't want all the boys in my yard,' she immediately chimes through a mouthful of blood-stained tissues .
within ten minutes of tomorrow night’s episode, fans will see aidan turner’s dashing ross poldark gaze lovingly at his new daughter . but unfortunately it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market . climax of previous episode was announcement of pregnancy . demelza, played by eleanor tomlinson, talks about being eight months pregnant .
poll of 15,560 family doctors found one in six considering going part-time . another one in ten is thinking about moving abroad to canada and australia . senior gps say they are facing 'incredible' pressures brought on by ageing population .
confusion over ukip’s immigration policy grew after nigel farage called for the number of arrivals into britain to be limited at 50,000 a year . ukip’s manifesto chief later added to confusion by saying the 50,000 limit ‘might change every year’ .
byron schlenker and his daughter emily have the world's widest tongue . the pair have been recognised by guinness world records . byron only discovered he was a world-beater when he picked up a guinness book of world records while helping his daughter with a school project .
rescuers managed to save three of the 149 melon-headed dolphins that had beached on the beach in hokota, 60 miles northeast of tokyo . the rest of the animals had either died or were dying, officials said . scientists say they are not sure how the dolphins ended up on the beach but believe they might have got lost .
sydney duo the presets published a series of posts on its facebook page on saturday night and sunday morning . fans were divided on the posts, with some supporting the pair's stance, while others criticised it . 'such a sad situation, who really wins with this kind of "justice"? respect, boys x,' one fan said .
mexican state oil company pemex says 45 workers were injured in the blaze . about 300 people were evacuated from the abkatun permanente platform .
sarah harding has signed up to star in four episodes of coronation street . denise van outen has admitted she's turned down the offer twice before . eastenders and emmerdale have also seen big names sign contracts .
jake drage was jailed after a crash that killed a woman riding a motorcycle with her teenage daughter . the 23-year-old surfer was taken into custody in june last year . he said he cannot wait to get back in the water .
sevdet besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' he was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on april 24 . the family of one suspect said they were told to stop their son communicating with the extremist recruiter, who groomed melbourne terrorist numan haider . police said the threat was 'fully contained' .
jordan spieth leads augusta national by three shots going into day two . rory mcilroy and defending champion bubba watson shot 71 . dustin johnson and masters specialist phil mickelson shot 70 . justin rose and ernie els tied for second with charley hoffman .
the boy scouts' greater new york councils said they hired pascal tessier, an 18-year-old eagle scout who has been a vocal advocate of opening the organization to gay scouts and leaders . board member richard g. mason said the councils see tessier as 'an exemplary candidate for employment as a camp leader' the national organization changed its policy in 2013 to allow openly gay kids as scouts, but not adults as leaders .
david hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer in july 2012 . underwent chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove large bowel . doctors told him he had 18 months to five years to live - so he tried cannabis oil . he paid £50 a gram from a local dealer and says it has cured him . mr hibbitt tied the knot with his partner heather martin, 26, today .
raheem sterling is a better player than mesut ozil according to michael owen . the former liverpool forward made the claim before arsenal's 4-1 loss to liverpool at the emirates on saturday . owen believes there should not be a debate about sterling's talent .
keaway lafonz ivy, 21, who went by the stage name kealo, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest in seat pleasant, maryland wednesday . ivy was shooting a rap video with about 20 people when a gun being used as an accessory went off, killing the musician . police arrested 21-year-old lafonzo leonard iracks and charged him in connection to ivy's slaying .
officer michael rapiejko says he thought he was too far to take a shot at the suspect . rapiejko sped around another officer as the suspect flew through a business park .
lz granderson: hillary clinton's campaign ad makes it clear she'll focus on being a woman . he says the 2014 midterm elections saw the death of a political meme: the "war on women" granderson: democrats who overplayed to women at the expense of real issues crashed and burned .
cultural historian at syracuse university, london, chris cook, said whistling has all but disappeared over the last few decades . 70 percent of people were in agreement that they hear fewer people whistling compared with 20 or 30 years ago . the rise of the mobile phone and music on the ipod means young people are less likely to whistle now .
google has announced a new tool that locates missing android phones . it works by searching for the term 'find my phone' on the search engine's homepage . it works with all android phones that have the latest google app installed . tool appears to only work when the user is signed into their google account on chrome .
andy murray tied the knot with kim sears at dunblane cathedral on saturday . the tennis star announced his engagement in november last year . the ceremony took place before a relatively small group of family and friends .
orlando city beat portland timbers 1-0 at providence park in oregon . former real madrid ace kaka scored a penalty in the second-half . cyle larin chested home kevin molino's first-half header .
npr ran an update on the baltimore unrest following the death of freddie gray . john sutter: it's time to call this meme what it is: a misleading, hyperbolic distraction .
the three men - thomas jordan driver, 25, david elliot moran, 47, and charles thomas newcomb, 42 - were arrested thursday and each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder . the state said the murder plot started after driver, an officer at the department of corrections reception and medical center in rural north florida, had a fight with the inmate . the state said the three men were also members of the traditionalist american knights of the ku klux klan .
new orleans pelicans beat san antonio spurs 108-103 on wednesday . anthony davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds for the pelicans . it was the pelicans' first play-off berth since 2011 . oklahoma city's russell westbrook scored 37 points for the thunder .
niall horan caddied for rory mcilroy in the masters par-3 contest . sky sports' cameras captured the moment horan fell while carrying mcilroy's clubs around the par-three course . tiger woods played in the par-3 contest for the first time in 11 years . woods was joined on the course by girlfriend lindsey vonn, his son charlie and daughter sam .
jonathan trott was dismissed by jerome taylor in the first over . the wicket left england one for one after just five balls . trott last played a test for england in november 2013 .
england's danny willett carded an opening round of 71 at augusta . the 27-year-old holed a monster putt for eagle at the par-five 13th . willett admitted it was a dream come true to mark his masters debut .
jesse kidder was in a patrol car chasing michael wilcox in new richmond . the 27-year-old accused killer started sprinting towards kidder, asking him to shoot . dispatchers warned kidder that wilcox might try 'suicide by cop' kidder said he had to make sure his decision was correct .
lindsey norman bought six pack of £1 buns from sainsbury's in peterborough . mother-of-two noticed uncanny resemblance with easter coming up . she said: 'that looks just like a figure of jesus with a sign of the cross on his shoulder'
veteran actor, 89, is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career . keen military historian studied english with j.r.r. tolkien and is now an expert on the medieval longbow . he is also selling paintings, furniture, swords, flintlock rifles, silverware and a fine collection of crystal chandeliers .
al-shabaab militants have claimed responsibility for the kenyan attack . the group has been behind numerous attacks in the region .
paul shorter kissed and groped 15-year-old pupil after class at rydens school . he was giving one-to-one tuition in breach of his position of trust . shorter's pregnant wife joanne and other members of his family watched . he admitted sexual activity with a child and sexual activity with a child by a person in a position of trust . judge noel lucas ruled shorter could not be sentenced until a victim impact statement had been taken from the girl .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao at the mgm grand on may 2 . the referee will earn $10,000 (£6,800) according to reports . kenny bayless and tony weeks are the frontrunners for the fight . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt quit bayern munich this week . the doctor fell out with pep guardiola over an injury to philipp lahm . lahm suffered a broken ankle and was taken to a local hospital . guardiola blamed a long injury list for bayern's defeat at porto .
marouane fellaini gave manchester united the lead with a thumping header . ashley young doubled the red devils advantage with a close-range header . chris smalling added a fourth for the hosts with a close-range free-kick . juan mata was released by wayne rooney and the spaniard ran through to score .
josh meekings clearly used his hand to stop the ball in scottish cup semi-final . referee craig charleston saw the incident, but not the details . pfa scotland chief executive fraser wishart has called for member clubs to put the genie back in the bottle .
brock guzman, 8, was taken from his fairfield, california home monday morning when someone stole the family car from their driveway . his parents, paul and suzanne guzman, are now filing a formal complaint against police for the way they were treated after they reported their son missing . this after suzanne refused to let the officers into their home, something paul claims she was doing for their own safety . when officers arrived on the scene they said suzanne grew belligerent, and can be heard cursing on their body cam
sarah's mother swore she could pass for ten years younger . facial exercises have been around as long as youth has been considered the hallmark of beauty . jack lalanne was the visage visionary of the fifties, right up to the eighties . carole maggio, the la-based creator of facercise, has a celebrity client list .
sevilla came from behind to beat zenit st petersburg 2-1 in the europa league . aleksandr ryazantsev and carlos bacca scored for the visitors . denis suarez scored a late winner for sevilla in the europa league quarter-final . fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to dynamo kiev in ukraine .
japan's nuclear watchdog had given a green light to the reopening of two nuclear reactors . locals raised concerns about whether the reactors would survive a strong earthquake . prime minister shinzo abe has pushed for a return to nuclear energy .
real madrid and atletico madrid drew 0-0 at the vicente calderon on tuesday . raphael varane impressed again for real madrid . jan oblak is the most expensive goalkeeper in spanish football history .
around 15 animals ran away from a farm in schodack, upstate new york, on thursday evening and then swam across the hudson river . they then started running down the thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including buffalo and new york city . three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of coeymans, about 10 miles south of the state capital albany . police say the decision was made after experts
leo grand and his mentor, patrick mcconlogue, became media sensations when they launched their carpooling app trees for cars in august 2013 . grand realized he could go through '$100 in a few days' and instead jumped at the opportunity to learn something new that he could then 'turn into something more' mcconlogue provided grand with daily lessons, as well as a laptop, wireless hot spot, coding books, a solar charger and office space at the start-up where he worked once it got too cold to type outside . grand
co-pilot andreas lubitz crashed germanwings flight 9525 into the alps on march 24 . peter bergen: we need to talk about mental illness in a way that doesn't drive some into the darkness .
jason cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet . he also emailed victim a link to an online sex video she was in - and threatened to post it on to her facebook page . cotterill knew his victim from childhood and knew she had been involved in making sex tapes, birmingham magistrates' court heard . he and the victim met up for three dates between january and september 2013 but had sex on just one occasion . she immediately regretted the liaison and told
emilia clarke, who plays daenerys targaryen is set to bring her army to westeros for the final showdown . lena headey has hinted that scheming cersei lannister may survive the ten episodes of season five . the hbo drama is based on george rr martin's fantasy novels .
shivnarine chanderpaul is slow and boring but he is still going strong at 40 . steve davis failed in his bid to qualify for the world championships at the age of 57 . gary neville and jamie carragher have taken their analysis to such a level that, on more than one occasion, the chat has been a darn sight better than the football .
glasgow warriors have been placed on high alert after richie gray could be sold . gray has one year left on his contract but will be released should castres go down . fellow scotland internationals johnnie beattie and max evans also expected to leave .
a video posted on vine shows the unidentified college student beating cops . she is thought to have been caught drinking underage at texas country music festival chilifest . the crowd erupts into cheers of joy and celebration as she shows a clenched fist - or a 'rock' - to the three officers, one of whom chose 'scissors' as his option .
shanghai circuit held inaugural chinese grand prix in 2004 . jacques villeneuve returned to the f1 grid for the final three races of the 2004 season . the chinese grand prix will be held in sepang, malaysia .
chelsea are top of the premier league table for 230 days . jose mourinho's side have led the way since beating everton on august 30 . manchester united led the way for a record 262 days in 1993/94 . but chelsea could break that record by 12 days if they stay top .
pakistan appear set to host test-playing opposition for first time in six years . zimbabwe have agreed to travel for a short one-day international series . no tourists have played in pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on sri lanka's team bus in march 2009 .
dion dublin made his home under the hammer debut on monday morning . the former footballer co-hosted the popular property renovation series . he looked to help a brother and sister-in-law renovate a three bedroom house .
prime minister urges ukip supporters to 'come back home' to conservatives . warns it is 'not the time to send a message or make a protest' ukip has seen its support drop by five points in recent polls .
gold clothing was unveiled at a fashion show in xi'an, north-western china . models strutted their stuff in underwear and a chain-mail style shirt . it took 30 craftsmen three months to make the gold shirt and the women's clothing which is also worth around £40,000 . the idea takes its inspiration from royal women in history, including cleopatra, marie antoinette and tsarina alexandra .
crystal palace host hull city in the premier league on saturday . alan pardew is keen on bringing in a star name to boost palace's profile . pardew slapped a '40 to 60 million pounds' price-tag on yannick bolasie .
andrea trunfio, 36, and mario bretti, 64, clashed in july last year . mr bretti said trunfio cut him off and blocked him with his van . he then got out and threw a flurry of punches at mr bretti through window . mr bretti said trunfio threatened to kill him over dispute over site .
arsenal may pull out of the running to sign liverpool winger raheem sterling . the 20-year-old is stalling on a new £100,000-per-week contract at anfield . arsene wenger has condemned the likes of jack wilshere and wojciech szczesny over smoking incidents .
photographer juergen and christine sohns captured the moment a bear hunted a sockeye salmon in the brooks river, in the katmai national park, alaska .
sportsmail have teamed up with golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of callaway golf clubs and accessories . the exclusive golfbidder.co.uk competition prize bundle includes a callaway xr driver, callaway xr 3 wood, callaway xr hybrid and a set of callaway xr irons . golfbidder. one of the uk’s busiest online golf retailers, has also thrown in a dozen callaway chrome soft golf balls as part of this superb golf package .
images show boko haram militants casually posing with assault rifles . they were taken somewhere in the forests of north-eastern nigeria . slick photographs carry all the artwork typically seen in official isis releases .
gerard pique has heaped praise on barcelona's attacking trio of luis suarez, lionel messi and neymar . the spanish giants are in france ahead of their champions league quarter-final tie against paris saint-germain . pique says he has never seen a relationship like the one between suarez, messi and messi .
hearts captain danny wilson will leave the club at the end of the season . the defender has activated a clause in his contract at tynecastle . celtic boss ronny deila has wilson on a list of summer targets .
michele leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job . lawmakers have been pushing for leonhart's ouster since her disastrous appearance before the house oversight committee last week . a majority of the committee said they had lost confidence in her and said she 'lacks the authority and will to make the tough decisions required to hold those accountable'
heather mack, 19, brutally killed her mother sheila von wiese-mack with the help of her boyfriend in bali in august . she dumped the half-naked body in a suitcase outside the upscale st. regis bali resort . mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years behind bars . in contrast, australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran have spent the past decade on death row after they were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from bali to australia
kong meng xiong, 21, of st. paul, minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment . the girl's family reported the kidnapping on sunday and that they opposed to their daughter marrying xiong, whom she was dating . xiong allegedly threw the girl's ipad against a wall at her family's home and then ripped her sweatpants as he dragged her into his car .
liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal in the premier league on saturday . mamadou sakho played 90 minutes as arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 . steven gerrard was sent off in the first game of his red card against manchester united .
red wine is red because of pigments known as anthocyanins, which are alcohol soluble . when higher concentrations of clear alcohol are poured onto the stain, the colours dissolve into the liquid rather than drying into the carpet . the video was created by the washington-based american chemical society as part of its reactions series .
hannah mcwhirter, 21, engaged in ménage a trois with co-worker and husband . exchanged texts after threesome telling them how much she enjoyed herself . but when her boyfriend found out she claimed she had been raped . mcwhirter admitted wasting police time with false rape claims .
brentford beat fulham 4-1 in the west london derby at craven cottage . stuart dallas scored two goals, with alan judge and jota also on target . brentford move up to fifth in the championship with six games to play .
siem de jong played 45 minutes for newcastle under 21s on wednesday . the midfielder came back from a collapsed lung in february . de jong has made just one premier league start since joining from ajax .
bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a formula one world championship grand prix . sakhir debuted in 2004 and is designed by herman tilke . the circuit has been rocked by a number of issues in recent years .
obama's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling, saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators . speculation was swirling on wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries, including the u.s., were on the verge of making a deal as french foreign minister laurent fabius rushed back to lausanne . a spokesman for kerry indicated that a political 'understanding' with iran had not yet been reached .
james corden tweeted picture with david beckham and odell beckham jnr . corden is currently filming late late talk show in the states . last month david beckham lifted the lid on son brooklyn's first date .
claims were made by kgi securities analyst ming-chi kuo . he said next-generation iphone will feature force touch . it recognises scrolling and pinching gestures, but additionally tracks the pressure of a click and responds accordingly . apple also rolled out wi-fi calling on more networks yesterday .
riff lets you film videos and upload them to facebook and the app . friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end . videos can be shared on social networks, over email and in messaging apps . app was created by london-based developers through facebook's creative labs .
tori spelling tripped and fell onto a hot japanese grill at benihana restaurant in encino, california . she shouted out in pain from a large burn on the back of her right arm . doctors said she needed skin grafts to repair the damage .
a new study has revealed the changing habits of british weddings . when it comes to honeymooning 18 per cent of us are now choosing to holiday in the uk compared to 8% five years ago . registry offices have seen an increase in bookings by two thirds . just seven per cent of uk couples allowed the bride's parents to pay the entire wedding bill, down from nine per cent in 2010 .
disabled cat, called freeman, was sitting in its front garden in tarring, sussex . two dogs pounced, dragging the terrified cat on to its neighbour's lawn . they then tore into the family pet, leaving the cat to die in agony . 90-second attack was captured on cctv by a neighbour .
jasmine midgley was born with a birthmark that blocked her airways . doctors told her parents it was nothing to worry about when she was born . but within weeks it had nearly killed her and she was rushed to hospital . doctors diagnosed a subglottic hemangioma - a benign tumour . it is made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper .
lu lu and partner zhen zhen mated for seven minutes and 45 seconds . the pair set a new record for the year at the sichuan giant panda research centre . a video of their sexual antics means 'stud' lu lu is now the talk of china .
julie creffield, 37, from stratford, was told she was too fat to run . she completed a marathon in 2012 and has done numerous races since . now launched website, the fat girl's guide to running, to encourage other women to take up running regardless of size and ability .
three players have been diagnosed with dengue fever this week . brazilian teams have asked health officials to check their training centres for mosquito breeding sites . players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions .
sen. bernie sanders is running for president in vermont . john avlon: sanders is an authentic voice who speaks without fear .
alastair cook has been working on a new, more open stance with former england batting coach graham gooch . but in the first test against the west indies, he appears to have overdone it . the picture below shows cook playing against india at lord's in 2007 — when he was playing well — with a near perfect stance .
a dismembered body discovered at a flat in pontypridd, wales, has been identified as tracey woodford, police said . the 47-year-old is believed to have been attacked in woodland on tuesday before being taken back to the property of a man . her body was discovered with 'massive injuries' on friday afternoon, prompting police to launch a murder investigation . a man named locally as christopher may, 50, has been arrested .
birth of prince george's brother or sister is expected later this week . nursery at anmer hall and kensington palace nursery given beatrix potter theme . kate had several pots of pink paint delivered from annie sloane store .
ronnie o'sullivan has admitted he would love to be presenter of top gear . the five-time world snooker champion has appeared as a guest on the show . o'sullivan begins his second-round match against matthew stevens .
noelle baynham, 61, was found by a friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the front door at her home in winchester, hampshire . the body was partially eaten by the jack russell and staffordshire bull terrier . it is believed she collapsed and died following an accidental overdose .
experts warn cutting out whole food groups like carbohydrates is unsustainable . white bread and pasta have been seen as the enemy for slimmers . but nutritionist susie burrell says this is no reason to cut carbs out completely .
absolutely fabulous will be based in london with some scenes in the bahamas . jennifer saunders, who wrote and starred in the series, confirmed cast will begin filming in autumn . joanna lumley, who plays patsy stone, was spurred on to finish the script by a £10,000 bet with dawn french .
jordan spieth holds a two-shot lead after seven holes at augusta . the 21-year-old finished joint second with sweden's jonas blixt . spieth believes he is better equipped to win the masters this year .
parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year . currently parents can opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons . the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed starting january 2016 .
dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-burmese nationals being identified . majority said they were desperate to leave the island village of benjina . those who said they wanted to stay did so because they were owed back pay . last week, indonesian authorities rescued around 330 migrants from benjina, bringing them to the island of tual .
the stark warning comes from general keith alexander, the retired four-star general and former chief of the national security agency . he envisioned a worst case scenario where hackers targeted oil refineries, power stations, and the electric grid . alexander also voiced his concern about the hacking threat from a terrorist organization such as isis .
richie benaud died on wednesday at the age of 84 following a battle with skin cancer . australian prime minister tony abbott has offered his family a state funeral . benaud was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in tests .
thomas buckett plunged 15ft on to concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on skylight . broke into tuck shop at clayton hall business and language college in stoke-on-trent . family faces £150,000 legal bill after unsuccessfully suing staffordshire county council .
ander herrera scored twice in manchester united's 3-1 win over aston villa . the spaniard joined united from athletic bilbao for £29million in the summer . herrera has expressed his desire to stay at old trafford for years to come .
al rayyan stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by uk-based firms ramboll and pattern . fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees celsius, while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled . a mosque, aquatics centre, athletics track, cricket pitch, tennis courts and hockey pitch are being built nearby .
john coyne, 56, ran the prince of wales pub in harrow road, central london . he attacked his 25-year-old victim who fell unconscious after a night of drinking . coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent . he was jailed for nine years at blackfriars crown court yesterday .
inverness defender josh meekings has been banned retrospectively . the scottish football association have offered him a one-match suspension . fifa vice-president jim boyce said the sfa were 'entirely wrong' .
didier drogba and john terry were the star of the show for chelsea . ramires's goal flew in at an incredible speed of nearly 60 miles per hour . kasper schmeichel could not stop terry's close-range finish .
yaya toure, sergio aguero, martin demichelis and eliaquim mangala chose to wear gloves for manchester city's derby clash at old trafford . temperatures hit between six and eight degrees celsius by the time of the 4pm kick off . toure was described by gary neville as a 'weed' in the city garden .
charlesetta taylor, 79, has lived in her home for 70 years, and was part of the first african-american family in the neighborhood . now the city of st. louis may tear down 49 other homes in addition to hers, to make way for a national geospatial-intelligence agency campus . taylor is urging the city to keep the nga, and the 3,000 jobs it provides, in st. louis .
lee min-bok is sending thousands of copies of "the interview" across the border to north korea in balloons . he has no way of knowing if ordinary north koreans will watch the movie and read the leaflets .
sean maitland is leaving glasgow warriors to play in the aviva premiership with london irish next season . maitland has been out of action since january with a shoulder injury . he has played 15 times for scotland and toured with the british & irish lions in 2013 .
brothers of men convicted of sex offences five times more likely than average . sons of fathers with criminal record nearly four times more likely to be convicted . sex offending could run in family along male genetic line, experts say .
marty stroud visited glenn ford at his louisiana home last week to apologize for putting him behind bars for a murder he didn't commit . ford, 65, was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer shortly after his release from prison last year . stroud, 63, wrote a powerful letter to ford apologizing in a letter published in the shreveport times last month . ford was sentenced to death for the 1984 shooting death of a jeweler .
kathleen blomberg, a resident at the heavily damaged 125 second ave., has been reunited with her two traumatized cats, kitty cordelia and sebastian . the american society for the prevention of cruelty to animals found the the traumatized animals under blomberg's bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out . after 21 years in the same apartment blomberg is currently looking for new accommodation for her and the cats .
sherrell dillion from benefits street has been given a place in top model of colour . but the single mother-of-two says she is technically homeless . she was featured in channel 4 show alongside white dee . white dee is said to be close to making her first £1million .
charlie austin signed for queens park rangers on a free transfer . joey barton ignored austin on his first day at the club . barton then invited austin and his wife-to-be out for dinner . the pair have become good friends despite their early setbacks .
jacksonville, florida photographer kristina bewley took her 4-year-old daughter giselle to the florida theme park for the first time last september . each time the family visits, giselle puts on a new princess bought by her mother kristina . kristina, who works with special needs kids, takes glamorous photos of her daughter playing in the park and wearing her colorful new outfits .
harry kane could miss the under 21 european championship . tottenham will play a friendly in malaysia next month . the match will take place at the shah alam stadium on wednesday, may 27 . mauricio pochettino has expressed fears about kane's burnout .
a body found in the mississippi river on saturday has been identified as barway edwin collins, 10, who has been missing for nearly four weeks . crystal police chief stephanie revering said authorities have electronic evidence that shows the boy's father, pierre collins, was in that area at the time the boy disappeared . the hennepin county medical examiner said the cause and manner of barway's death are still being investigated .
manchester united have begun the search for michael carrick's replacement . louis van gaal has been impressed with carrick's contribution this season . united have identified borussia dortmund's ilkay gundogan as a long-term replacement . gundogan has been watched extensively by united .
just over 60 per cent of americans believe global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans for the change . but opinions on global warming vary wildly between states, local communities, and congressional districts . people in california, for instance, are far more worried about the warming planet than those in parts of the central us .
napoli kept their hopes of qualifying for the champions league alive with a comfortable victory against cagliari . jose callejon opened the scoring with a neat one-on-one finish before antonio balzano’s own-goal doubled napoli’s advantage . substitute manolo gabbiadini grabbed a third goal for the partenopei just minutes after coming on .
the footprints were found in ileret, northwest kenya, 1.5 million years ago . they were left by a barefooted homo erectus who hunted in the mud . dr neil roach, a palaeoanthropologist at the american museum of natural history in new york, said the prints belong to groups hunting for antelope or wildebeest .
hair follicles are rich in stem cells - cells that never lose the capacity to renew themselves - which help the skin heal . a bald scalp is less able to cope with nicks, cuts and bruising because of the lack of healthy follicles . removing hair through shaving or waxing won't reduce these benefits because the hair follicles are still intact .
foxtel will screen the third season of the us women's prison drama orange is the new black . a kink in the agreement with us studio lionsgate allows foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title . in australia, this applies to the way orange is the new black was shown 'legally' in the country, leaving the door open for foxtel to screen the series . when the third season premieres on netflix on june 12, foxtel will also begin showing the entire season in one continuous marathon .
sir alex ferguson won 38 trophies in 26-and-a-half years at manchester united . the scot was appointed as united manager in 1986 at the age of 45 . ferguson announced his retirement at the end of the 2012-13 season aged 71 .
the nfl released the full schedule for the 2015 campaign on tuesday night . new england patriots will host the pittsburgh steelers on september 10 . week one also features a prime-time showdown between the new york giants and their nfc east rivals dallas cowboys .
simon eastwood had a last-gasp chance to force extra-time for blackburn . philippe coutinho scored in the 70th minute to give liverpool the lead . coutinho's second-half strike settled the replay at anfield . liverpool will now face aston villa in a wembley semi-final on april 19 .
london mayor was mobbed and kissed by fans in ramsgate, kent . mr johnson boasted that the polls were turning in the tories' favour . nigel farage has vowed to quit as ukip leader if he fails to win seat .
alan pardew says crystal palace would sell yannick bolasie for £40m to £60m . the palace manager says all his players are 'undervalued' bolasie joined palace for around £400,000 from bristol city in 2012 .
mercedes team-mate nico rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind lewis hamilton in qualifying for the bahrain grand prix . hamilton has dominated rosberg this season and has got pole in every race during the current campaign . rosberg's mercedes team-mate sebastian vettel is emerging as a putative title contender .
phones4u founder john caudwell says 50-room jacobean manor in staffordshire is being haunted by the spirit of a boy who was shot by a soldier loyal to cromwell . mr caudwell, 62, claims visitors have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs . the businessman sold off phones4u in 2006 for £1.4billion .
experimental cancer drug may have ability to reverse effects of alzheimer's . drug was developed by british pharmaceutical giant astra zeneca . original aim of treating tumours was shelved after it proved ineffective . scientists at yale university in connecticut have revealed how the treatment restored memory in mice given alzheimer's disease .
chelsea are likely to join manchester city in the champions league . manchester united are relegated from the vanarama conference . bristol city are automatic champions in league one . burnley and qpr are losing pace at the bottom in a scrap against relegation .
larung gar buddhist academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns . the settlement sits on elevations of 12,500ft in the larung gar valley . nuns and monks are housed near to their colleges and separated by age and sex .
the nanoheat wireless heated mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery, nanoheater and heat sleeve . it can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68°c and 71°c (155 and 160°f) for up to 45 minutes . the goldilocks principle is a scientific term for when the state of something falls within certain margins, based on the children's story the three bears .
the nypd released the video tuesday, along with a photo of the victim in the hospital in hopes of identifying her . the woman was critically injured and still has not regained consciousness . the video shows a man dressed in a hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants dragging the limp body of a woman from the backseat of a parked car at around 12.30am saturday .
hakaoro hakaoro was jailed for 20 months in january 2014 for working without a licence . the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the immigration advisors disciplinary tribunal . he took $3,000 from two siblings who wanted help with their immigration status . when the visa applications were denied, he dishonestly told them immigration new zealand was still considering their visas .
former boxing promoter, formerly known as frank, is one of ukip's most famous former candidates . she warned ukip supporters to vote tory to keep labour and snp out of power . praised ukip leader nigel farage, adding: 'you can't knock him'
leighton baines has given his verdict on six mainstream music tracks . the everton defender is friends with rocker miles kane and alex turner . baines also reveals that uptown funk is played in everton's dressing room .
gary neville believes a star player will always choose manchester city over chelsea or arsenal if they have a straight choice between the big clubs in the premier league . neville believes city need to be bold and take on uefa's financial fair play regulations . the former manchester united defender believes city would struggle to compete with united, chelsea and arsenal for top players .
floyd mayweather jnr faces manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 . freddie roach has blasted mayweather snr as a 'terrible cornerman' mayweather snr has refused to respond to roach's criticism . mayweather snr will leave his son to do the talking in the ring . click here for all the latest mayweather news .
e! will air a new documentary series about bruce jenner's transition . the eight-part, one-hour series is set to premiere july 26 . jenner recently went public with the fact that he is transgender .
the amazing illusion is the work of german body-painting artist joerg duesterwald . he spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings . the stunning set of pictures was taken in a forest near langenfeld, germany, yesterday .
rhondda tunnel, which runs 1,000 feet beneath the welsh hills, was closed as part of the beeching cutbacks . but engineers are due to visit the 3,148m tunnel next week to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route . it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in the world, second only to the 4,000m snoqualmie tunnel near seattle in the u.s.
england have not won away from home since 2012 . alastair cook needs something different to draw on in his same-same attack . the whole of england’s bowling psyche is about containment, it’s about building pressure, as we saw for much of the first day here in grenada until west indies started to crack . adil rashid could provide what is needed but by all accounts he hasn’t been bowling well enough to warrant selection .
hattie gladwell, 19, uses an ostomy bag as a consequence of her fight with inflammatory bowel disease . she has called for the new tips from former smokers ad, commissioned by the centers for disease control and prevention, to be banned . the ad features julia, 58, of mississippi who smoked for more than 20 years before she developed colon cancer at 49 years old which requires her to use an ostomy bag .
lance corporal joshua leakey braved heavy taliban fire to rescue comrade . the 27-year-old rushed to the aid of a wounded us marine in august 2013 . he is only the sixth living british recipient of the vc during her reign . l/cpl leakey said he was 'uncomfortable' about being singled out ahead of others .
teresa james, 40, is one of an increasing number of women using whitening . in america, sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996 . dentists have coined a new word for it - 'bleachorexia' . symptoms include burning gums, tooth infection and the conviction that, no matter how much a tooth has been whitened, it could be paler still .
interactions between particles emitted by a black hole can reveal information . physicists have argued for nearly 40 years that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained .
private jet travel is a growing trend, with 2.5 million private flights recorded in the us in 2013 . the busiest weekends for private jets are the super bowl and monaco grand prix . salzburg airport charges £2,530 to land a 767-400 on its runways . darwin international airport charges £3,059 to land a 767-400 on its runways .
hannah brierley, 16, thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the reptile . she stared at it for a few minutes until it moved and called for help . karen marriott, 40, attempted to call the rscpa but was unable to get through . detective overheard the call and used a pillowcase to capture the snake .
nepal is still recovering from two major earthquakes and a mudslide . there is something you can do to make an impact .
ebony dickens, 33, faces a charge of disseminating information related to terrorist acts . she posted a threat on facebook under the name tiffany milan . "i think i can pull it off. might kill at least 15 tomorrow, i'm plotting now," she wrote .
qpr have confirmed that eduardo vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury . the 25-year-old opened the scoring in saturday’s 4-1 win over west brom . vargas is the third qpr player to sustain an mcl injury since the turn of the year .
leeds united lost 2-1 to charlton at the valley on saturday . mirco antenucci, giuseppe bellusci, dario del fabro, marco silvestri, souleymane doukara and edgar cani all pulled out at short notice . neil redfearn described it as a 'freakish' set of events . former leeds captain trevor cherry has called for the players to be sacked .
lord stevens to be investigated over allegations of a cover-up of police corruption . ipcc will investigate claims he failed to hand over key information to macpherson inquiry . watchdog stems from complaint from stephen's father neville lawrence . lord stevens was deputy commissioner of met police from 1998 to 2000 .
the man was spearfishing off jupiter inlet in palm beach, florida . he was bitten on the right side of his head, his back and torso . the victim was conscious when he was airlifted to the hospital .
a train headed from queens into manhattan was stalled underneath the east river around 8.30am monday morning . its conductor saw smoke coming from the board along the track's third rail . more than 500 passengers were taken to manhattan by a rescue train . part of the train's contact shoe, which gets power from the third rail, is thought to have touched the board instead of the rail .
celtic beat st mirren 2-0 in the scottish premiership on friday night . ronny deila branded most surfaces in the scottish premiership 'terrible' and said artificial pitches would make for better spectacles . gary teale feels deila's criticism was unfair on the paisley club’s award-winning groundsman, tommy docherty .
error was spotted during a hampshire constabulary training course . two officers decided to continue wearing the tops with the mistake . chairman of the hampshire police federation burst out laughing when he saw the uniform and posted a photograph of it online .
abi gordon-cody, 26, from droitwich, worcestershire, is a make-up artist . her gory recreations of wounds have earned her a loyal following of almost 3000 . she was inspired to go into make-up by her family who worked in showbiz .
police said the rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. wednesday . the noose was found in the bryan center plaza in durham, north carolina . the area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity .
tactics revealed by more than 500 whistleblowing teachers after appeal . one in five reported colleagues had written sections of coursework . details of unethical techniques emerged at oxford university symposium .
somali-born author ayaan hirsi ali, 45, emigrated to america in 2006 after facing death threats in the netherlands . she has accused fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the u.s. and for not being more critical of islam . 'i cannot imagine what it is like to be a black man living in saudi arabia, in iran - even where the majority of people are black,' she said .
156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on victoria's roads in the past year . victoria police revealed that there is a distribution network of speed, ice and marijuana operating in the trucking industry . one in every 12 truckies tested positive for drugs while out on the road . a former truck driver said his colleagues were taking drugs regularly .
pete evans has been slammed by medical professionals for promoting fluoride-free water . health minister jillian skinner said he is putting people's health at risk with his extreme views on diet and lifestyle . evans has also been under fire for endorsing the paleo diet which cuts out dairy, cereal and processed meats .
saturday's quake was neither unusual nor unexpected, although it was larger than most . the land mass of india has been pushed about 12 feet into nepal in the 81 years since the 1934 bihar earthquake .
celtic are considering a double raid on dundee united for teenager john souttar and striker nadir ciftci . jackie mcnamara's side sold star duo stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven to the parkhead club on deadline day in january . souttar is a potential cover for scott brown and nir bitton in a holding midfield role .
thibaud jean leon vallet, 24, and his cousin jean mickael batrikian, 18, pleaded guilty to animal cruelty . the pair lit a quokka on fire with an aerosol can and a lighter on rottnest island on april 3 . the pair opted to serve the seven days in hakea prison rather than pay the fine as they did not have sufficient funds . animal rights activists have claimed that the pair's punishment was too lenient for their crime .
latika bourke was adopted from india as an eight-month-old baby . she spent three years living in an orphanage in the slums of india . the film slumdog millionaire changed her life for the better . latika is now living in india with her new parents .
chelsea are weighing up a move for west ham striker enner valencia . jose mourinho earmarked the ecuadorian in january . chelsea are offering a new contract to patrick bamford .
hoda muthana, 20, fled to raqqa, syria in november after being persuaded by terrorists that it was her duty as a muslim . she lived with her moderate muslim family in hoover, alabama, until she fled in november, spending money meant for college tuition on a flight to turkey . after a month of planning, she fled to syria and married an australian jihadi who was killed in an airstrike by the jord
last friday, 26-year-old lance futch drove to hill air force base in utah thinking he was going to be led into an auditorium to talk about jobs for veterans . instead, futch was sat at a table with obama, utah senator orrin hatch, congressman rob bishop, and salt lake city mayor ralph becker - all of whom were wearing suits and ties . 'if i had known it was my commander-in-chief, i definitely would have been wearing
ravel morrison has signed a pre-contract agreement with serie a side lazio . the 22-year-old was released from his last contract at west ham . morrison spent most of 2014 on loan at qpr or cardiff in the championship .
brynn duncan was anaphylactic shock after eating crackers or ice cream . she's now recovering at home in south carolina . "never in a million years did i think i would be doing this," a paralegal says .
cle 'bone' sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of knight's pickup truck . left with two fractured ankles and wounds to his head, knees and shoulder . suge is accused of murdering terry carter, 55, and trying to murder sloan . claims he was ambushed and run down in escape attempt in los angeles . at one point sloan even refused to confirm that he recognized knight in court .
real madrid have seven players into six spots for the first time since november . isco, toni kroos, luka modric and james rodriguez are all fit and available . gareth bale, karim benzema and cristiano ronaldo are also available .
celtic could win the league when they face abderdeen on may 11 . aberdeen have lost all three previous meetings with celtic this season . adam rooney does not want to see celtic celebrate on their patch .
samantha rawcliffe, 40, suddenly lost control of her body and crashed . she was gripped by what would later be diagnosed as a rare brain disorder . in the days after the accident she lost control of her bladder and was shaking uncontrollably . tests revealed she was suffering functional neurological disorder . umbrella term for a range of neurological symptoms doctors cannot explain .
on wednesday virgin australia launched complimentary food on all domestic flights across the australian domestic network . the package will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights . virgin australia hailed the move as further proof of its transformation into a premium, contemporary, full service airline .
cadbury's is set to release a super bar containing seven different flavours . the seven-row dairy milk spectacular will contain one row each of dairy milk caramel, dairy milk fruit & nut, dairy milk whole nut, dairy milk oreo, dairy milk daim, and dairy milk turkish . there are only 50 on offer and the bars were created for a competition .
diego maradona scored the winner during a charity match in bogota . the argentina legend lashed out at a steward and a cameraman . maradona was surrounded by media and cameraman as he applauded his fans .
winston churchill, then 84, was president eisenhower's guest of honour at the gathering, held at the home of the us ambassador in london, in 1959 . the amusing photographs seem to show churchill nodding off while sat next to eisenhower and harold macmillan .
justin welby called on christians to use non-violent means of resistance . dr welby said killing of christians over past year had been a 'wicked' development . pope francis called for governments to intervene in syria and iraq .
footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in santa monica, los angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst .
sean reardon was pulled over for suspected drink driving in chico, california . he claims he was wrestled to the floor and hit with a baton or stick . footage shows him being repeatedly hit as he lay on the road . reardon claims he was subjected to violence 'without provocation' .
christien sechrist, a 20-year-old from houston, texas, had a black and white image of his young son perseus etched onto the left side of his head in july . a snapshot of the tattoo has gained national attention after it was shared on imgur earlier this week . despite his critics' negative reactions to the tattoo, christien said that he doesn't regret his decision to get it done again .
gianluigi buffon has no immediate plans to retire from juventus . the italy international says it would be a waste to quit when he is playing well . juventus beat monaco 1-0 in the champions league quarter-final on tuesday . buffon has helped juventus win three successive serie a titles .
rotting silver fish have filled rodrigo de freitas lake in rio de janeiro . city authorities and biologists have argued about the cause of deaths . more than 37 tons of fish have been collected but there is an overwhelming stench .
hannah moore, 20, from west lothian, suffered stretch marks after childbirth . she shared photos of her post-pregnancy body with fiance david johnstone, 22 . but instagram vetoed her images because they contained 'nudity and violence' moore said: 'nobody could get on my instagram and nobody could search for it'
a prisoner who shared a ride to jail with freddie gray on april 12 claims the 25-year-old was trying to injure himself, according to a leaked police report . the prisoner apparently told investigators that he heard gray 'banging against the walls' and 'intentionally trying to injure himself' . the statement was cited in a warrant to search an arresting officer's clothing for possible traces of gray's dna .
navinder sarao, 36, made bold claim in october last year in email to colleagues . us prosecutors allege sarao, who was arrested last week, helped to trigger the so-called 'flash crash' of wall street on may 6, 2010 . crash netted sarao £27 million in profits, they claim .
manuela arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday's show . the model and host drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before andrea had finished guessing . she said after the blunder she broke down in tears and 'wanted to go in a wormhole and disappear' producers however decided not to punish her, and said there was nothing to worry about during the commercial break .
hilary border, 54, had power of attorney over her 83-year-old mother's affairs . mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for dementia-stricken dorothy . when it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped being paid . care home staff tried to contact border over an outstanding £16,000 debt . border pleaded guilty to fraud and was sentenced to 16 months in prison .
former super middleweight champion nigel benn is back in the ring . the 51-year-old joined in a playful pad work session with ricky hatton . benn secured 22 straight knockouts in just over two years as a professional .
grace rishell was herald henthorn's first wife lynn rishell's sister-in-law . she said that the fbi told her about a secret $400,000 life insurance policy henthorn had taken out on her . henthorn was charged with the murder of his second wife, toni bertolet, 51, last november . police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, lynn rishell, some 20 years earlier .
chelsea captain john terry picks his pfa player and team of the year . liverpool's philippe coutinho named player of the year . tottenham's harry kane named young player of the year .
manny pacquiao faces floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 . the filipino boxer is looking to inflict mayweather's first ever career defeat . pacquiao has revealed the mouth guard he will use for the bout . click here for all the latest boxing news .
a giant hammerhead shark chases a fish in the shallows off destin, florida . the swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men . 'yeah, now run,' said one of the men watching and filming the shark . only three of the 11 species of hammerhead shark are believed to be hostile to humans .
zinedine zidane says real madrid are monitoring liverpool winger raheem sterling . sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000 a week to extend his stay at anfield . real have splashed the cash on the likes of gareth bale and raphael varane .
some owners of the apple watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists . some dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watch’s heart sensor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings . this is because the heart sensor reads a pulse by measuring light absorption through the skin - a process called photoplethysmography . apple has yet to comment on the issue, despite speculation that the apparent fault could also stop some people using apple pay .
everton forward steven naismith has won the barclays spirit of the game award . naismith has worked with the likes of job centre plus, dyslexia scotland and the whitechapel centre in liverpool . naismith teamed up with job centre plus to give everton tickets to the unemployed people of liverpool .
tulsa county reserve deputy robert bates, 73, shot eric courtney harris, a possible pcp-addled felon . harris ran from authorities after trying to sell an illegal handgun during an undercover sting . bates apologized for his actions, citing a phenomenon known as "slip and capture"
jimmy anderson will take just four wickets to overtake sir ian botham . anderson says he was marginalised in the early stages of his career . lancastrian wants to carry on playing test cricket for as long as possible .
jose mourinho says sir alex ferguson showed him 'two faces' during their first competitive meeting in 2004 . mourinho had just made his first impression on the champions league by knocking out manchester united with porto . the chelsea boss said ferguson showed him 'two faces' during their first competitive meeting .
ed balls and andy burnham warn nhs 'cannot survive' another five years . nhs has seen a 'dramatic decline in standards' over the past five years . ambulance response times for most serious call-outs will rise to over nine minutes .
juventus striker carlos tevez is yet to make a decision on his future . the 31-year-old has been linked with a return to his boyhood club . tevez scored a crucial goal for boca juniors against river plate in 2004 .
alex rodriguez returned to the new york yankees line-up for opening day . rodriguez batting seventh and serving as designated hitter after 162-game suspension . atlanta braves right-handed reliever jason grilli will take over as closer following the trade of craig kimbrel . tampa bay rays designated hitter john jaso suffered a left wrist contusion sliding into second base in monday's season opener against the baltimore orioles .
lania roberts, 18, gave a speech at syracuse university this month on learning to love one's self unconditionally . lania began painting self-portraits in high school and lost 50 pounds .
video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue . it then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes . one by one the small counters fall down, tapping balls into pockets as they go . finally, the last domino gently hits an orange ball, causing it to roll down another positioned cue lying on the table .
hillary clinton launched her campaign on wednesday . john avlon: rebranding is a strategy that seeks to change how consumers experience a brand .
townsville nurse maria sevilla and her son, tyrone, will be deported within 28 days . ms sevilla initially had her visa application rejected because her son's autism would be a 'burden on the australian health system' . the government called it a 'cold, heartless decision' by the federal government .
families on high green estate in sheffield say they are being 'held to ransom' cctv footage shows youngsters shooting at homes, cars and each other . residents claim one woman who confronted youths was shot at .
replica set sail for the united states on saturday, symbolic of a historic moment that binds the two nations . lafayette crossed the atlantic on the original hermione in 1780 to tell his friend george washington, commander of the american insurgents against british imperial rule . the replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the french river charente on saturday to the military shipyards of rochefort .
rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam with victory at the masters . the northern irishman is heavily favoured to win the green jacket . mcilroy has won the open and uspga championship in 2014 .
amy johnson, 38, allegedly grabbed a mcdonald's worker around the neck and scratched her face . she appeared at newtown court, in sydney's inner west, on thursday . the mother-of-two faces two assault charges after she allegedly grabbed the 16-year-old worker by the neck and scratched her face . ms johnson was a passenger in a bmw when she went through the mcdonald's drive-through at stanmore
manchester united beat chelsea 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . juan mata was substituted by jose mourinho at southampton last year . the spaniard has performed better than ever in the premier league . louis van gaal is finally getting the best out of mata .
medical experts watched 23rd outing for daniel craig's hero and concluded that bond would have been unlikely to survive . within the first seven minutes, bond is hit by a depleted uranium shell - an armour-piercing round normally used to destroy tanks . bond's depleted uranium wound would have been fatal as it 'would have turned his lungs inside out and killed him' other movies to undergo the assessment were die hard featuring bruce willis and john mcclane .
bayern munich face porto in the champions league first leg quarter-final . xabi alonso would become the second player to win european football's top trophy with three clubs . alonso won the champions league in his first season at liverpool .
atletico madrid face real madrid in the last eight of the european cup . cristiano ronaldo, gareth bale and karim benzema must all be accommodated . carlo ancelotti must play a 4-3-3 to accommodate the trio . chelsea and arsenal have met twice, as have barcelona and espanyol .
james holmes says he was insane at the time of the shootings . opening statements in his trial are scheduled to begin monday .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call.
glen walford, 75, has been embroiled in a legal battle with worcestershire county council since her mother mary moved to a care home in 2006 . the council agreed that the house in stourpour-upon-severn should not be taken into account when means testing was carried out on her mother’s finances . but in 2013 they reversed their decision and said that miss walford would need to begin contributing towards bills . miss walford said she had always planned to retire to her mother's house .
nepal has issued 347 permits to climb mount everest this year, with 125 from last year . the route through khumbu icefall has been changed to one that takes longer but is expected to be safer .
jamie o'hara scored from the penalty spot to give blackpool a 1-1 draw against reading on tuesday night . grant hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave lee clark disappointed . the tangerines have been relegated from the sky bet league one .
rebecca rice, 16, struggled with her nerves ahead of her gcse oral exam . teacher lorette esteve advised her to bring 11-year-old dog holly to school . the dog sat reassuringly at her side during five-minute recorded test .
john foran’s wife nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry . he found the splinter-covered shard in the £2 ready meal . iceland said they are carrying out a thorough investigation .
jim furyk defeated kevin kisner in a play-off to win the rbc heritage . furyk hit a final round 63 to finish 18-under in regulation play . it was furyk's first victory on the pga tour since 2010 .
johnny depp plays james 'whitey' bulger, the notorious boston gangster who topped the fbi's most wanted list for 16 years before he was finally arrested in 2011 . the creepy two-minute clip was one of several warner bros screen at cinemacon on thursday, and the creepy two-minute clip was a highlight of the day .
hillary clinton and husband bill took a stroll near their chappaqua, new york, home on saturday afternoon . meanwhile, her two 'scooby' campaign vans got some tlc of their own at a local body shop, where they were also hand washed . mrs clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in new hampshire, where she'll hold a round table at a family-owned business this afternoon . she'll participate in another tomorrow morning at a community college during her two
arizona police chief terry rozema spoke out on wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary . dashcam footage of the february 19 incident emerged on tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street in marana, northwest of tucon, with a rifle . valencia, 36, remained in hospital for two days before being booked into jail .
paula radcliffe said she 'was close to pulling out' of the london marathon . the 41-year-old turned to renowned german doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt . muller-wohlfahrt has worked with ronaldo, michael owen and usain bolt .
ian ladyman reveals what's been making him feel warm this week . tracey neville takes charge of england netball . kevin sinfield switches codes from league to union .
ronald and miriam pearson met at an evening dance in buckley, north wales . he was a sergeant in the raf police and she the auxiliary territorial service . they married in 1943 and welcomed their daughter two years after ve day . mrs pearson, 95, died last month and husband followed two days later . their marriage was described as 'the greatest true love story' at joint funeral .
rj jackson, four, suffers netherton's syndrome, which causes his skin to appear red and scalded . his mother valerie jackson has to cover him in creams to prevent his skin drying out . a member of the public mistook his rare skin disease for signs of abuse . mrs jackson was surrounded by armed police who called the police . they reported fears mrs jackson had been abusing her son .
peter reece, his fiancee, baby daughter and mother from kent were parked on an ocean shores beach on thursday when the tide came in . the tires of the car sunk into the wet sand, so they were unable to move . reece and his fiancee got out of the car, but his mother and daughter were trapped inside because the wet sand was keeping the doors shut . seconds later a wave hit the car, flipping it and pulling it out to sea .
jean-honoré fragonard’s 18th-century work young woman was replaced by a hand-painted replica ordered over the internet for £70 . it has hung in among 270 old master paintings since february 10 after a challenge was laid down to the public to 'spot the fake' chief curator, xavier bray, said: 'it was a fascinating experiment which gave us a chance to test art connoisseurs'
sunderland signed santiago vergini on loan from sport uruguay de coronado . the argentinian has made 35 appearances for the black cats this season . vergini has indicated he is ready to extend his stay at the stadium of light .
on friday it will be 100 years since the last football match to be played in england for four, long years . 50,000 gathered at old trafford to contest a controversial fa cup final . the match was played on the same day thousands of allied troops were killed in a deadly german chlorine gas attack near ypres, belgium .
lily sharp convinced her mother she had been kidnapped by a stranger . she then took the prank a step further by pretending to her panicked mother that the intruder had her phone . lily then played on her mother's fears by calling her mother immediately .
chelsea host leicester city at st george's park on wednesday night . didier drogba has hit back at claims that his side were boring this week . blues have drawn criticism for their 0-0 draw against arsenal on sunday .
at least half a million britons suffer from sleep apnoea . condition causes muscles in the airway to contract during sleep . this cuts off air supply, usually resulting in a heavy snore .
ryan burns of eureka, california, went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from . he swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel . footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn .
twitter users were quick to identify the onscreen blunder . channel 7 allowed the name hugh g. rection to feature on the screen . the philanthropist made a generous donation of $32.38, which earned his name valuable screen time . the royal children’s hospital’s good friday appeal managed to rake in over $17.1 million .
the mass killings of armenians in the ottoman empire began 100 years ago friday . some scholars say it was the first genocide of the 20th century . some armenians feel their nationhood cannot be fully recognized .
kentucky junior senator rand paul will announce his candidacy for president on tuesday in louisville, kentucky . 'defeat the washington machine. unleash the american dream,' paul's slogan reads . paul's father, ron paul, earned an image party-wide as a cantankerous and prickly contrarian with little chance of winning over centrist republicans . 'if he's an outsider, i'm a democrat,'
john moore's images show the heartbreak, brutality and horror of the ebola outbreak in liberia . the american's images earned him the top gong, as well as first place in the current affairs category . other projects submitted for consideration included children playing football in one of argentina's most dangerous slums .
kingsley burrell, 29, was arrested and sectioned in birmingham city centre . he called police to say he was being threatened with a gun, an inquest heard . but cctv showed he was not approached and he was sectioned . he died four days later at the queen elizabeth hospital, birmingham . his sister said he was handcuffed for six hours and wet himself .
hannah wilson, 22, was last seen at about 1am on friday . her body was found on friday in needmore, indiana . daniel messel, 49, of bloomington, was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder .
experts said training was 'heavily geared' towards young people . this left older workers vulnerable when companies start 'shedding' jobs . over-55s had same literacy and numeracy skills as those aged 16 to 24 .
matt derbyshire scored the opener after eight minutes at the aes seal new york stadium . brighton's jordan bowery blew a good chance for rotherham with a close-range effort . rotherham are now just two points behind championship leaders blackpool .
judge olu stevens was sentencing gregory wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, marquis mcafee, robbed tommy and jordan gray's louisville home in april 2013 . police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple's three-year-old daughter before making off with $1,100 in cash, a cell phone, wallet and small amount of marijuana belong to the couple . jordan wrote that her daughter was still '
ilha de mana boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water, with air-conditioned rooms to beat the sweltering heat . the island is located off the costa verde, between rio de janeiro and sao paulo . the main residence has a dining room, fully-fitted kitchen and two living rooms for entertaining . four smaller chalets each have a bedroom and bathroom, and provide access to a communal lounge, bar and wooden terrace .
calfornia gov. jerry brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on wednesday . the crackdown comes as california and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight . state reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them . wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall .
ethel rider, 87, fell from her bed at half acre care home in radcliffe . she suffered a broken pelvis and was left 'cowering' in pain after falling . carers susan logan, 59, and lauren gillies, 25, failed to seek medical help . mrs rider was unable to tell anyone what had happened because she is mute . it was only 24 hours later that a nurse realised she was in agonising pain and called an ambulance . logan and 
tens of thousands of aussies are bluffing their way around geographic restrictions to access the us-restricted streaming service hbo now . hbo has warned internet users, who are watching popular tv shows such as games of thrones, the sopranos and girls, that they will deactivate unsuspected accounts on april 21 . hundreds of users have taken to the online broadband forum whirlpool to voice their opinion about the email they received .
austin west, 4, slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the yard and fell into an in-ground pool at his family's home in gastonia, north carolina . his grandfather, jeff west, attempted to launch a gofundme campaign to raise money to cover his grandson's funeral expenses . he was shocked to find that there were already multiple pages carrying the deceased boy's name on the site . the fake fundraisers have since been deleted from gofundme.com .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday . cristiano ronaldo, karim benzema and luka modric are in training . real cut the gap to la liga leaders barcelona to just two points .
labour leader announced plans to overhaul britain's non-domicile regime . allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax only on money that they bring into britain . initially suggested he would 'abolish' status - but it later emerged that labour is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years .
tim mcnaughton, 24, is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to gun down a family friend before turning the rifle on himself . his body was discovered alongside his father greg mcnaughton’s near a shooting range at a farm in the caves, near rockhampton in central queensland on tuesday . in february 2012, tim was issued with a ‘shooter’ firearm licence by the northern territory police . a third man, lindsay hart, escaped being killed after being
pep guardiola saw bayern munich lose 3-1 to porto in portugal on wednesday . the manchester city manager has a year remaining on his contract . manuel pellegrini has been under pressure since the collapse of city's premier league title defence .
adored teacher stephanie scott went missing on easter sunday . her body was found in bushland the following friday . a guest list of 120 people had been invited to stephanie and her fiance aaron leeson-woolley's wedding at the picturesque eat your greens venue in eugowra . ms scott's father robert said it is especially painful that stephanie's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to .
aston villa drew 3-3 with qpr at villa park on tuesday night . villa went behind twice before christian benteke equalised for qpr . tim sherwood bawled at qpr boss chris ramsey before the game . villa have six more games to go up to premier league survival . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
ronald koeman has praised the work of his predecessor mauricio pochettino . pochettino ended a 16-month stint at southampton last summer . koeman's side face tottenham hotspur at white hart lane on saturday .
latasha gosling, 27, of tisdale, saskatchewan, and her two daughters, janyaa, 4, and jenika, 8, and her son landen, 7, were discovered early wednesday . the suspect in the case was found just hours later dead, and police would not say how he died but did say that it was not a homicide . he also had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed .
the 34-year-old star revealed that she is creating an 'archive' of her most infamous outfits, which she stores in clear plastic bags . kim named her givenchy wedding dress, which she wore last may to wed kanye west in florence, italy, as the 'prize piece' in her clothing collection .
the heartwarming scenes were captured by photographer denis budkov, 35, during a trip to kuril lake in kamchatka, in russia . he sat and watched as the mother, who was already lying on the banks of the lake,- became a makeshift sofa for one of her cubs . the bear family are part of a huge population found in the kronotsky reserve - known as the kingdom of bears .
four-poster oak wood bed was left in redland house hotel car park in chester . builders dismantled it and left it to be picked up by auctioneers . it was snapped up for £2,200 in 2010 by a four-poster bed specialist . but he was shocked when his new 'victorian' purchase arrived . tv historian jonathan foyle has spent years trying to prove its roots .
fourteen soldiers have been accused of abusing children as young as nine . they begged for something to eat, according to a french judicial source . investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public yesterday . french president today said: 'if some soldiers have behaved badly, i will show no mercy'
england are being urged to invoke the 'exceptional circumstances' get-out clause . rfu and stuart lancaster are being stalked by calls for steffon armitage to be called into the national squad . harlequins director of rugby conor o'shea believes the clause could cause major problems .
the kennel club says seemingly harmless foods can be killers . 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014 . of those, 470 dogs died . painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning . chocolate can cause sickness, diarrhoea and fits .
wikileaks put 170,000 emails and 30,000 other documents stolen from sony pictures into a searchable online archive . julian assange has said that the data belongs online because it shows the inner workings of an international company . the data dump comes after november's massive hack which has already cost the entertainment giant upwards of $100 million . assange and wikileaks issued a statement on thursday saying that the data has a public interest but the majority of the correspondences run from the mundane to the deeply personal .
chelsea beat stoke city 2-1 at stamford bridge on saturday . eden hazard scored a penalty and set up loic remy's winner . chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the premier league .
ed miliband said he would 'abolish' 200-year-old non-dom rule for non-doms . but cousin mike keen said he was 'officially confused' over the policy . miliband argues that non-dom tests 'are not very rigorous' and can be granted to people who have a burial plot or property abroad .
sam allardyce's contract at west ham expires at the end of the season . but he feels his squad are unable to deal with the rigours of a full premier league season . carl jenkinson and alex song were the only summer signings to have played in the premier league before . marko arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser to see west ham lose points .
david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for obama . he was hired by labour leader amid great fanfare last year . mr axelrod reveals he is not resident for tax purposes in the uk .
the shire of montana, located in the north-west corner of the state, is inspired by jrr tolkien’s fantasy books . at 1,000 square feet, the hobbit themed guest house is built into a hill on a 20-acre property . the tiny home has custom-made wooden furniture, a stove and barbecue for cooking and cosy rooms with round doors .
dame helen mirren says she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s . the 69-year-old actress said it was worse than the 'f****** 1940s or 1950s' helen looked stunning at the premiere of her new film the woman in gold .
brian gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to ‘stop digging’ when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the northern ireland children’s’ home . spoke out during a meeting with victim richard kerr, who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from home before being molested by ‘very powerful’ figures in a westminster paedophile gang .
steven howie, 28, left his girlfriend karen murray, 31, with 18 injuries . he punched, kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault on new year's eve . pair were staying at carronbridge hotel, in the campsie fells, in stirling . miss murray was unable to get a signal to call police because inn was so isolated .
images released of football fans who tended to wounded at hillsborough disaster . officers have been unable to identify those in the images for more than a year . police say appeal is necessary as they may be able to answer questions of victims' families .
volunteer st. tammany parish cop danny eckhart is accused of drunkenly stealing a police patrol boat and taking it for a joy ride that ended when he crashed it into a bar . no one was injured in the crash . eckhart faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated .
lydia ko shot a 1-under 71 in her 29th consecutive round under par . the 17-year-old equalled former world no 1 annika sorenstam's record of 29 under par rounds in a row . ko shot a 6-iron to 18 inches to set up a birdie on the 158-yard, par-3 eighth and closed with a par on the par-5 ninth .
mohamad saeed kodaimati, 24, a syrian national and naturalized us citizen, is accused of making false statements to the fbi about his involvement with syrian militants . the criminal complaint said saeed falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any islamic state members . federal agents investigating saeed have uncovered incriminating facebook photos and posts indicating his alleged involvement with syrian militants .
the study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change (ipcc) it claims variability is caused by interactions between the ocean and atmosphere, and other natural factors . these 'wiggles' can slow or speed the rate of warming from decade to decade, and exaggerate or offset the effects of increases in greenhouse gas concentrations . because these 'climate wiggles' were not accounted for, the duke university researchers say the report may have been an over-interpretation of short-term temperature trends .
raheem sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal this summer . liverpool have offered sterling a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at anfield . sterling said he would have signed for a lot less a year ago . liverpool face arsenal in the premier league on saturday .
a black woman, tyus byrd, was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate randall ramsey . two of those individuals - trish cohen, parma's former police chief, and rich medley, the town's former assistant police chief - recently spoke to nbc news . cohen alleged in the interview that she and medley feared for their safety, and said their home addresses had been shared online by byrd's family members .
bayern munich face borussia dortmund in the german cup quarter-finals . franck ribery limped off against shakhtar donetsk after picking up an injury . the bayern munich winger says he 'can't even run' .
aaron hernandez is on trial for the shooting death of semi-pro player odin lloyd . hernandez's defense wrapped up its witnesses in less than a day .
brendan rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving northern ireland for england aged 16 . the liverpool boss trained with the reading youth team . rodgers believes the memory of missing out on a first team spot has helped him to handle liverpool's young players .
hannah wilson was found dead in brown county, indiana, on friday morning . friends said she was last seen at kilroy's sports bar in bloomington, indiana . daniel messel, 49, was arrested hours later and has been charged in her death . police said circumstances of her disappearance are 'eerily similar' to the case of 20-year-old lauren spierer, who vanished after a night out with a group of friends in 2011 .
the tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today . tourists can see the 65ft high walls on the winding track of murodo in japan . an estimated 910,000 people visited the walled wonder last year .
emirates set to seal historic deal with the fa cup . football's oldest knockout competition will be rebranded the emirates fa cup . arsenal signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in english football history in 2004 after signing a 15-year deal worth £100million .
former hewlett packard head carly fiorina is attributing the years-long drought in california to 'liberal environmentalists,' whom she says brought on the state's water shortage with their policies . fiorina, a maybe presidential candidate, said the 'tragedy' of california is it 'has suffered from droughts for millennia' california's democratic governor jerry brown last week signed an executive order limiting water consumption .
the castle at zhangjiakou, in china's northern hebei province, was known as the ming dynasty's 'martial city' it was built in 1393 and protected by an imposing 12-metre wall that struck fear into opposing armies . archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore the fortress to its former glory . restoration work will see building work completed in the original ming dynasty style of architecture .
shares in what is now called the bg group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p . the rise came after the oil giant royal dutch shell announced plans to buy bg group in a £47billion deal . news of the deal has driven up the price of shares in bg now owned by people who originally bought british gas shares in 1986 .
northern territory’s chief minister adam giles made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in alice springs . parents will also be fined $298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours . on monday night, 42 people were taken into protective custody and 34 young people were driven home after a group of 50 young people threw ‘large rocks’ at police .
international monetary fund predicts uk economy will grow by 2.7% this year . beaten only by the united states with inflation at zero per cent . low oil prices are expected to help bolster steady growth in the uk .
spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration . until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast spain . but then the climate warmed to 13°c (55°f) and became more humid . this enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions . they lived on a diet of tiger nuts, worms and grasshoppers, according to research . but as conditions warmed, they were able to spread across europe .
david and margaret-ann rous were on an easter getaway in the scottish highlands . they had arranged a secret visit using mr rous's light aircraft to see family . but when the couple failed to turn up at the island's airstrip, a search party was scrambled . wreckage of the plane and the couple's bodies were found in hills in argyll .
residents from fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of chicago, were told they could return to their homes on saturday to salvage what they could . but buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on thursday night . officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed, while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way .
just 8p in every £10 spent on dementia research goes on research . outlay on stroke research is little better, with 19p allocated from each £10 . despite extra cash pumped into the two diseases they remain underfunded . cancer research is 13 times higher than dementia and six times more than stroke .
sara errani defeated poland's agnieszka radwanska 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 on wednesday . radwanska follows fifth seed ana ivanovic out of the porsche grand prix . errani will now face kazakhstan's zarina diyas in the second round .
john and carolyn jackson, of mount holly, new york, are currently on trial for abusing their three foster children . the abuse occurred between 2005 and 2010 and left the foster children with broken bones and numerous other health problems . one of their biological children reported the abuse to someone outside the family . the jacksons' first trial was ruled a mistrial when a prosecutor inadvertently mentioned the death of one of the children .
saracens face clermont auvergne at stade geoffrey-guichard on saturday . owen farrell has recovered from a knee injury and will be on the bench . charlie hodgson, brad barritt and owen farrell will lead the line for saracens .
royal county of berkshire polo club has become one of britain's most elite sporting venues . prince charles joined when it was founded in 1982 and has attracted royals and celebrities including prince william and harry . the club had applied to register its polo player logo on four classes of item including glasses, watches, jewellery and leather goods . but it was opposed by the beverly hills brand on the grounds that people could confuse the logo with their own .
the university of sydney is running a pilot of a 17-week bridging diploma for year 11 students at scot's college . concerns have been raised over the program which allows students to gain entry to university without completing their final year certificate . tuition, sporting and curricula fees for scot's college, one of sydney's most prestigious schools, reportedly top $30,000 . the program was devised by the university's commercial arm, sydney learning .
jeremy clarkson has finally spoken out about his high-profile sacking from top gear . the 54-year-old has not publicly addressed his dismissal, apart from to say that 'everyone's upset' but today he said he would 'miss being there', adding: 'it's not as much, however, as i'll miss being there' ms rippon, 70, who first presented the show 38 years ago, said it would be 'great' if she were invited back to front top gear .
dele alli has impressed for milton keynes dons this season . the 19-year-old was signed by tottenham for £5million in january . alli has set his sights on playing for england under 20s in toulon . click here for all the latest england news .
shibuya ward will issue "partnership certificates" for same-sex couples . certificates will allow them some of the rights of married heterosexual couples . proponents of marriage equality in conservative japan say the move is a step in the right direction .
researchers subjected lithium-ion batteries to heat and used thermal imaging and non-invasive high speed imaging techniques to observe changes in their internal structure . copper inside melted, indicating temperatures of at least 1,085°c (1,985°f) and it caused molten material to stream from the battery’s vent . the footage is the first time the failure of li-ion batteries due to overheating has been recorded . li-ion batteries are vulnerable to a condition known as thermal runaway .
fly-tippers dumped 40-tonne pile of industrial waste in suffolk village . police say it is the worst case he's seen in almost 30 years . the gang used three tractors and trailers to dump the rubbish .
the ecb are not living up to their promise of fresh transparency . the confidential details were sent by email to potential candidates . front-runners for the job are former england captains andrew strauss, michael vaughan and alec stewart .
dashcam footage shows police in the borough of kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on thursday . it took two minutes for the cops to cut the woman from her seat belt and pull her limp body from the wreckage . she has been identified as dawn milosky, 45, of beachwood, new jersey . she has been charged with driving while intoxicated, having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle, reckless driving and for failure to stay in the right lane .
rhiannon langley, from melbourne, is having rhinoplasty in thailand . the 24-year-old hairdresser has an almost 200,000-strong instagram following . she is currently in bangkok recovering at a hotel post-surgery .
ambulance crews in london answered 2,333 calls between 2am and 3am . busiest hour was between 2am and 3am when 638 calls were received . busiest hour was between 2am and 3am when 638 calls were received . scotland yard had 3,000 officers on duty at both street level and on podiums .
'goblins' are scientifically known as 'hoodoos' - rock protrusions consisting of relatively soft rock topped by harder stone . the softer rock has been removed by wind and water, leaving thousands of unique constructions . at under five square miles, goblin valley is tiny compared to nearby parks such as the nearby 527 square metre canyonlands .
in 2018, nasa will launch the orion spacecraft using the largest, most powerful rocket booster ever built . tucked inside the stage adapter will be 11 self-contained small satellites, each about the size of a large shoebox . the first is a near-earth asteroid (nea) scout, using solar sail propulsion, will fly by a small asteroid, taking pictures and making observations . lunar flashlight will scout for locations on the lunar surface that are rich in resources that could be used in future exploration 
manchester city are monitoring juventus striker alvaro morata . real madrid have a buy-back option set at around £15million . city are also keen on juventus midfielder paul pogba .
lazio beat napoli 1-0 on wednesday to reach coppa italia final . they will now face juventus in the final on june 7 . lazio are third in serie a, 15 points behind leaders roma .
national union of teachers said government strategies designed to tackle extremism and terrorism have instead 'shut down debate' teachers said they now feel nervous discussing controversial issues . they claim they are being forced to spy on children during sensitive discussions .
liverpool face a rebuilding job this summer following a mass exit . captain steven gerrard has already agreed to join mls side la galaxy . glen johnson is out of contract and set to go on a free transfer . kolo toure is also out of contract and considering a move to mls side .
coca-cola has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red . fans of the zero calorie, zero sugar diet coke have been left confused . many have taken to twitter to express their discontent at the changes .
mike tindall watched his horse monbeg dude finish third in the grand national . the former england rugby captain watched the race at twickenham . monbeg dude is now 10 and, according to his jockey liam treadwell, 'likes to do things at his own pace' .
simon mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by liverpool manager brendan rodgers in december after a poor run of form . the 27-year-old quickly returned after brad jones sustained a thigh injury . mignolet has kept six consecutive premier league clean sheets away from home .
vijay chokal-ingam claims he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s because he posed as a black man . chokal-ingam says he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long indian eyelashes' and joined the organization of black students during the process . his sister did not support him during his social experiment and specifically asked him not to do it . his change in appearance was 'so startling that my own fraternity brothers didn't recognize me'
roman abramovich has bought tel aviv’s varsano hotel for £17.1m . the chelsea owner is expected to convert the 19th century building into his israeli home . the purchase includes an adjacent car park, which is already zoned for and has approval for additional building .
two-year-old landen martin was struck and killed by the car his 19-year-old uncle joshua saunders was driving on sunday . saunders was arrested on charges including dui, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide . martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a gainesville, georgia home .
amanda burleigh convinced clamping the cord within seconds of delivery was wrong . doctors and midwives have clamped the cord within seconds of birth . they feared the drug – since replaced with a safer substitute – could harm the baby .
jennifer mcgirr, 61, said windows to her tower view hotel were smashed . she said a man threw a brick at them in a 'premeditated' attack . she also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls . she appeared on channel 4's 'four in a bed' criticising other hotels . ms mcgirr said: 'where does all this hatred come from?'
scientists at gillette have spent nine years studying how to get the perfect shave . they cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them by pulling them apart . using x-ray beams they were able to observe microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing . they discovered curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage .
german discounter has won increasing share of the market since the recession . it now lags behind only the ‘big four’ - tesco, asda, sainsbury’s, morrisons . major supermarkets have slashed prices in recent months to fend off competition from cut-price rivals such as aldi and lidl .
the ch-53e super stallion made an emergency landing on a southern california beach on wednesday morning . the 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores . no one was injured in the landing and the helicopter was fine to later take off and return to miramar air station .
a family of four fell ill last week at a luxury villa in the u.s. virgin islands . epa: preliminary results show there was a presence of methyl bromide in the villa . the use of the pesticide is restricted in the united states because of its acute toxicity .
edwin sabuhoro is a warden in rwanda's volcanoes national park . he quit his job to help poachers make a living . sabuhoro started a tour company to capitalize on tourists' interest in the area .
lisa and james tuttle moved to rural norfolk with their five children in 2005 . they thought their big house would be a peaceful and idyllic family home . but their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs were shot . they were accused of killing farmer's birds after escaping onto his land . lisa reveals on channel 5 how she had a long-running dispute with the farmer .
lix bussey, 23, from durham was hit by a car and died in mexico . she was on holiday with boyfriend jonathan boyle, 23, in resort of riviera maya . hours earlier she texted mr boyle saying she was having 'best time ever' parents colin and penny, and sister leigh, 21, spoke of their shock at her death .
federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the celebrity infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus . the cdc said in a monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members . the agency said the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up . the ship was on its journey from march 29 to april 13 . symptoms of norovirus include vomiting, diarrhea, fever and body aches .
nikki kelly, 24, thought she was suffering from period cramps . she made a dash for the bathroom to find she was going into labour . baby james was born on the bathroom floor in 'three pushes' miss kelly kept her size 8 figure throughout her pregnancy .
the question, 'so when is cheryl’s birthday?' was one of 25 questions set in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad . at first, it appears impossible to answer without more information . but those who were able to reason their way to this answer followed a series of logical steps that allowed them to rule out the other dates .
dr alex zhavoronkov believes medical advances will lead to longer life expectancy than has been seen to date . he is following a strict regime of exercise, drugs and supplements and regular health checks as part of his quest for longevity . a boy born in the uk today is expected to live to 78.8 years and a girl to 82.8 years .
professor stephen hawking was speaking at the sydney opera house as a 3d hologram from cambridge university in the uk . he was asked about the cosmological effect of former one direction singer zayn malik leaving the boy band . professor hawking joked that in another universe 'zayn is still in one direction' .
michael allen will join edinburgh on a two-year deal from ulster . the 24-year-old can either play at wing or centre . allen has never lived outside of ireland and can play at wing or centre .
the barclays premier league have announced the final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season . chelsea vs liverpool on may 10 and manchester united vs arsenal on may 17 are arguably the standout games from the live batch . the tv schedule for the final day of the season, sunday, may 24, will be announced at a later date .
new: german police raid house, car of two individuals in frankfurt . a man and woman are arrested on suspicion of planning a boston-style attack . police say they recovered a pipe bomb, ammunition and hydrogen peroxide .
dc entertainment, warner bros. and mattel announce a partnership to launch dc super hero girls . the characters involved include wonder woman, supergirl, batgirl, harley quinn and poison ivy .
barcelona face sevilla in la liga on saturday at the ramon sanchez pizjuan stadium . neymar shows off his footballing brain as he shows off his skills . brazilian ace is hoping to extend their lead at the top of la liga .
marilyn zuniga allowed her third grade class to write to mumia abu-jamal . the 60-year-old is serving a life sentence after he shot philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner in 1981 . ms zuniga has apologised but said the students wanted to write to him .
tommy cox, two, from colchester, essex, is prince george of cambridge . he was born into a life of palaces and privilege and is third in line to the throne . mrs cox, 35, noticed similarities between tommy and george in 2013 . she said: 'it is uncanny how the two boys from very different worlds look so similar'
amateur photographer nicolas locatelli, 20, snapped the bizarre cloud above briones regional park, in california . the red sky adds a fiery hue behind the clouded creature giving it an uncanny likeness to the legend of the fire breathing dragon slain by st george . the student, from san francisco, said he didn't even notice the striking formation until he checked his camera when he got home .
chris ramsey believes sunday's west london derby is more crucial to qpr than it is to title-chasing chelsea . jose mourinho's blues are firm favourites to win the premier league . ramsey believes qpr need to pick up every point they can to remain top .
yin yunfeng spent last week of his annual holiday making stir-fried dishes . also made about 1,000 dumplings as a way to show his love to his wife . mr yin is stationed in a regiment in tibet and only gets to go home once a year .
president barack obama became the first american president to visit jamaica since president ronald reagan in 1982 . prime minister portia simpson miller told president obama that jamaica's people loved him, and she loved him as well . 'i just wanted to say to you, you might not know, but you are very loved in this country,' she said .
providenciales in the turks and caicos bumps ambergris caye out of the top spot . only two more of 2014's top 10 islands appear on this year's global list .
samantha is utterly peeved about dove's latest campaign results . 96 per cent of women chose to walk through a door marked either ‘beautiful’ or ‘average’ . if women don’t fit in with their (usually older, fatter, less attractive) female peers, those who are good-looking won’t get hired by the fairer sex .
matthew bird, from ashburton, new zealand, halved his income by quitting his well-paid agricultural adviser job to become a mechanic . he said he was happy to give up is $70,000 a year pay check for a meagre wage of $38,000 a year, if it meant his child support payment dropped to $554 a month . inland revenue recently amended their child support formula which was enforced on april 1 .
lauren hill was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma after becoming dizzy following a basketball game in lawrenceburg, indiana . the tumour is found on the brain stem and can cause double vision and difficulty controlling facial expressions . she was told she would not live past december after her condition worsened and she was told she would not live past december . but she died four months later after playing with her college team at mount st joseph university in cincinnati to raise $1.5million for cancer research .
hulk was pictured at the premiere of the avengers: age of ultron movie . the brazil international recently signed a new long-term deal at zenit . hulk has netted 15 goals in 33 appearances for the russian giants .
incident occurred at nottingham train station's multi-storey car park on march 14 . cctv shows man trying to lift exit barrier, damaging it in the process . british transport police have released a cctv image in the hope he will be recognised by members of the public .
pumpkin seed oil is rich in vitamins a, k and e, as well as vital minerals and fatty acids, which can help strengthen hair and boost hair growth . can be drizzled onto food or applied directly to skin and hair . studies have even found that pumpkin seeds are a mood-boosting food .
pitt, 51, vowed to help ‘make it right’ for the city’s thousands of displaced citizens by building eco-friendly homes to replace the ones destroyed . the actor personally backed the building of 104 homes in the lower ninth quarter of the city, decimated in the 2005 storm, which killed almost 2,000 . but in a lawsuit filed in new orleans’ district court last week, pitt’s make it right foundation is suing timber treatment technologies for $500,000 – claiming the wood was defective .
18-month-old harry was out in cambridge with his parents on bank holiday . he was caught under a cyclist's wheel and dragged along a path on monday . harry was left with blood pouring from his face and inside his mouth . police have urged the cyclist to contact officers over the incident .
anthony joshua takes on jason gavern in newcastle on saturday . joshua is entering the ring for the first time in 2015 . the british heavyweight is unbeaten in 10 professional fights .
a california homeowner's surveillance video captured footage of three burglars who broke into their los angeles home . two men and one woman can be seen entering a san fernando valley home in the mid-afternoon . the burglars get into the house through the kitchen, peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room . then one suspect returns and stares directly into the surveillance camera . the boy immediately ducks and then hits the camera over, but not before it was able to capture a visual
alex hales believes england's players aren't competing in enough twenty20 competitions . chris woakes and alex hales both believe england should adopt the model of australia and india with their franchise systems . hales was at the launch of the natwest t20 blast on thursday .
sir david nicholson said it was crucial all parties backed nhs plan . calls for a 7 per cent boost to the health budget by 2020 . david cameron and nick clegg have pledged to find the cash . but ed miliband has refused to sign up to the five-year plan .
teenager pleaded guilty to trying to buy poison at manchester youth court . but he claimed he was attempting to buy poison because he wanted to commit suicide and was sentenced to a 12 month referral order . he was seized in anti-terror operation after attempting to buy poison online . he was unaware his online requests were being tracked by counter-terrorism officers who feared he was planning an attack .
officer michael slager, 33, has been fired from the north charleston police department . his wife is eight months pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance .
a reward of up to $115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the march 2008 bombing at the times square military recruitment station . no one was injured in the blast which occurred seconds after people walked past . officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the british and mexican consulates .
james schoenfeld, 63, was one of three kidnappers who hijacked a school bus and buried 26 children alive in a trailer in 1976 . schoenfeld was granted parole on the 20th time the parole board considered the possibility of releasing him . schoenfeld and his brother, richard, and a friend, fred woods, were convicted of kidnapping the children in exchange for a $5million ransom . schoenfeld and his co-conspirators kidnapped
the queen, 89, turned 89 on saturday . she was filmed 'jumping out of a plane' at the london 2012 olympics . her grandson prince william said she was an 'unbelievably good sport' .
esa's asteroid impact mission, or aim, launched in october 2020 . aim will travel to a binary asteroid system – the paired didymos asteroids, which will come a comparatively close 11 million km to earth in 2022 . aim will also put down a lander – esa's first touchdown on a small body since rosetta's philae landed on a comet last november .
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix to extend his lead at the top of the drivers' championship . mercedes team-mate nico rosberg finished second with ferrari's sebastian vettel third . rosberg feared he might be overtaken by vettel before the second round of pit stops when hamilton slowed down a few fractions of a second .
ben and shelby offrink met in college and were married and raising two children . shelby was diagnosed with an intramedullary glioblastoma, a highly aggressive brain cancer . the tumor was lodged in her spine instead of her brain .
the automated planet finder (apf) consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure, and a high-resolution spectrograph . the spectrograph takes starlight from the telescope and spreads it into a rainbow of colours, splitting the spectrum into thousands of different wavelengths . apf observes them every night for months, in search of rocky planets with very low masses, similar to earth .
the gr20 trail, which runs down the mountainous spine of corsica, happens to be the toughest trek in europe . the ancient sentiers de transhumance footpaths used for more than 1,000 years by shepherds leading their animals to summer pastures . most of the trails were clearly marked with orange daubs of paint and equipped with maps and detailed instructions .
anamarie shreeves began her zero waste lifestyle two years ago . shreeves has collected six months' worth of trash in half a year . shreeves is a site manager for the nonprofit keep atlanta beautiful .
the hatchback was originally designed to help french farmers transport their sheep to market . it now accounts for two in every three cars sold in the uk . seven of the top ten sellers last year - including the top five - are classed as hatchbacks .
photographer carolina sandretto focuses on "solares," crumbling buildings that many cubans divide and cohabitate . sandretto first visited cuba three years ago and was instantly hooked . sandretto carries a 30-year-old hasselblad 500cm camera to strike up a conversation with her subjects .
v stiviano showed off new braces while dining al fresco in los angeles on thursday . the 32-year-old was joined for the lunch by an older male companion . this just days before a judge will decide if she must return $2.8million in gifts she received from her ex, embattled former los angeles clippers owner donald sterling .
chelsea beat manchester city 3-1 in the youth cup final . tammy abraham and dominic solanke scored for chelsea . kean bryan missed a brilliant chance to tie things up .
spotify has analysed 2.8 million 'sleep' playlists . ed sheeran's thinking out loud is the top song people fall asleep to . ellie goulding's love me like you do is the third favourite song .
wayne rooney was spotted filling up his £100,000 overfinch range rover . the england captain looked glum just a couple of days after his side's loss to chelsea in the premier league . rooney was played in a deeper role but was unable to help his side claim any points .
kevin pietersen was taken off during surrey's match against oxford university . pietersen was struck on the hand whilst fielding close-in . surrey established a huge lead of 531 against the student outfit .
china, south korea and japan have all banned new charter flights of thai carriers . an audit by the un's international civil aviation organization (icao) found 'significant safety concerns' with the country's aviation safety . thai airways is the only thai airline that regularly operates in australia .
ukip leader said he was not 'firing on all cylinders' during campaign . but he insists he is now 'back on form' and has cut working day to 14 hours . he has been prescribed temazepam, a sleeping pill and muscle relaxant .
christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . the ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day . finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a vip paedophile ring .
cynthia lennon married john lennon when he was a struggling musician . john lennon was there when he rose to fame with the beatles .
london mayor launches tory campaign with a speech in mill hill . he said labour leader was 'hostile' to people who wanted to own their home . claimed ukip wanted to turn clock back to 1950s while greens want return to 'somewhere around the bronze age'
the cf-18 hornets bombed near isis' de facto capital of raqqa . it wasn't immediately clear how many casualties the airstrike had caused .
1.2 million australians either have a secret credit card or hide purchases . one in ten cardholders, or 800,000 australians, also admit their credit card spending has led to an argument with a partner . generation y (aged 18-34) were found to be the least trustworthy of the age categories when it came to their credit card spending .
sea bright fire chief volunteer chad murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday . footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors . at one point he's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down .
addison russell, 21, let his bat slip through his fingers during his first game at wrigley field . the bat went flying and struck a fan sitting several rows behind the cubs' on-deck circle in the face . the fan suffered 'wounds' but was conscious and communicative . russell is batting .160 in six big league games for the cubs .
floyd mayweather fights manny pacquiao next weekend in las vegas . seatgeek is selling 'spec tickets' for up to $30,000 (£20,000) but no tickets are yet on sale . pacquiao's promoter bob arum initially said tickets would be on sale last week .
walton canonry boasts a view of the river avon, backing onto the meadow where john constable painted salisbury cathedral from the meadows . built around 1720, it was named after isaac walton, son of the writer izaak who wrote the compleat angler . the tate paid £23.1million in 2013 for the painting, inspired by oils he painted on many visits to the exclusive area in the 1820s .
henry howes narrowly missed winning a teddy at a pool in tamworth, staffs . he put his hand inside the hatch - but when he reached too far he slipped . luckily, his nine-year-old brother harvey witnessed the accident . henry was trapped for half an hour as workers searched for keys .
floyd mayweather v manny pacman will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend on what happens that coming night . the first two of the three fights between the sugar man and hands of stone raised the curtain on what is considered the golden age of boxing .
petr cech has made just five premier league appearances this season . thibaut courtois remains jose mourinho's first-choice goalkeeper . chelsea want at least £10million for the czech republic international .
jordan spieth beat rory mcilroy by 12 shots at the masters on sunday . spieth followed up his second place at augusta 12 months ago with a record-breaking victory . graeme mcdowell believes spieth and mcilroy are difficult to compare because they are so different .
yvonne camargo, 39, of victorville, california, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on april 3 . the video was filmed april 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as edward moneyhanz saw the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store' camargo can be seen wiping the young boy's face as he cries .
kevin morgan, 55, was injured when land rover reversed into his stationary rover 75 while he was working in dorset in 2005 . he suffered whiplash, chronic pain syndrome and a resulting depression, which together have ended his working life, his lawyers claim . as his £600,000 damages claim began, he was accused of a staggering fraud by motor insurers, direct line group . morgan could be seen out walking, joking with a builder, striking up conversation with a stranger, crouching to fix
sam reese recently appeared on channel 4's first dates show . he asked his date kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself . the 22-year-old has received death threats over his behaviour on the show .
robert durst, 71, is charged with unlawful possession of a firearm . he faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge .
dmitry kaminskiy, a senior partner of hong kong-based firm deep knowledge ventures, is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of 'supercenternarians' he says research into stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 . french born jeanne calment currently holds the record, having lived to age 122.5 .
rory mcilroy, ian poulter, graeme mcdowell and justin rose all tee off on thursday . masters 2015 begins at augusta national golf club .
army psychiatrist major nidal hasan opened fire on fort hood in 2009 . he killed 13 men and women at the military post in killeen, texas, injuring 30 others before he was shot himself . authorities initially classed the mass murder as ‘workplace violence’ but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism .
robin esser has worked in newspapers for 60 years . best stories are from his days as editor of the william hickey gossip column . fearing a hoax, esser rang blenheim palace, home to the duke of marlborough .
libyan convicted of 78 offences cannot be deported because he is an alcoholic . judges rejected home secretary theresa may's attempt to deport him . argued he would be tortured and imprisoned because drinking alcohol is illegal .
graeme finlay insisted he acted in self-defence after being attacked by ron phillips . he confronted mr phillips and his wife june about their rudeness at dinner . the couple were knocked unconscious after he allegedly assaulted them . finlay said he only swung his arms to defend himself when mr phillips went for him with his crutch .
restaurant owner was attacked as she closed the shop in shandong, china . she let the man in when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet . woman used her martial arts skills to overpower the would-be rapist .
dustin wayne south died wednesday night at the louisville, kentucky, scene . a neighbor saw south walking around the field while waving a gun . two bullets fired by police struck south, but neither was lethal . south died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head .
ronny deila agrees with gary teale's claim that st mirren have one of the best pitches in the scottish premiership . buddies boss teale hit back at criticism received for the condition of the st mirren pitch on friday night . the hoops host partick thistle on wednesday night .
kristina karo, 31, is being sued for $5,000 by a woman claiming to be her former childhood friend for stealing her chicken as a child . the actress and her fiance ashton kutcher responded to the impending lawsuit with a tongue-in-cheek video . kutcher posted a video pointing out some of the holes in karo's story . 'let's just get this clear. you stole a chicken from a one-month-old child who spoke to you in an entire conversation! this
david rush, 33, from lisburn, northern ireland, weighed 34st at his heaviest . used to have twice-daily takeaways and 'hated leaving the house' because of size . but he lost weight after plucking up the courage to start cycling . now weighs a slim 15st 4lbs - down from 34st at his heaviest .
justin bieber and lil wayne enter the ring with floyd mayweather . prince naseem hamed and tom jones also enter the ring on saturday . warrington is one of britain's best-supported fighters .
tomasz lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s . during lazar's interviews, many of the survivors broke down in tears . lazar began his professional photography career in 2006 after fully realizing the medium's storytelling power .
a total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in tikrit . the remains will be sent back to baghdad for dna tests to establish identification .
brianne altice, 35, pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse in exchange for prosecutors dropping 11 other counts, including several first-degree felonies . one of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with altice . altice could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month .
kathmandu is nepal's only airport . the city was hit by the worst earthquake this country has experienced in 80 years .
dr. sanjay gupta helped perform craniotomy in makeshift operating room on young patient . 8-year-old selena dohal needs surgery to remove clots from her brain . gupta scrubbed up at request of nepalese medical team to help with operation .
warning graphic content . veronica bolina, 25, was arrested over alleged attack on her 73-year-old neighbour . but investigation is now underway amid reports she was set upon by officers . she was seen performing a sex act on herself in her sao paulo cell . police statement said injuries were result of a struggle in which, police claim, she bit an officer on the ear .
leonardo jardim says monaco's champions league progress shows you don't need to buy big . the russian billionaire has tightened the purse strings in recent seasons . les rouges et blancs are third in ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the semi-finals of european football's premier club competition for the first time in 11 years .
louise shepherd, 31, from cobham, surrey, was hiking in bolivia . tree toppled onto her during a storm and she was killed instantly . she had taken a 'gap year' off work to go travelling around the world .
jay z launched a stream of tweets on sunday defending his premium music streaming app tidal after it was described as a flop . the rapper and businessman insisted that tidal is good for all artists and not just a money-maker for big name artists like kanye, rihanna and madonna . reports claim that tidal is being sabotaged as it attempts to take business away from more-established music outlets such as spotify and apple .
the slants, who say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term usually considered a racial slur, cannot trademark the name because it is disparaging . the band applied for trademarks in 2010 and 2011 and was rejected both times on the grounds the name disparaged asians . the ruling could have implications for the high-profile fight over whether the national football league's washington redskins should lose its trademarks .
fantasy café in hangzhou has installed air purifiers to provide fresh air . the shop has begun operating the machines 24 hours a day . a label is put on every table stating there is an air-purifying fee .
zlatan ibrahimovic will miss paris saint-germain's matches against nice, lille, metz and nantes . ibrahimovic lambasted referee lionel jaffredo and one of his assistants . the swede striker will also miss the first leg of his club's champions league quarter-finals against barcelona .
rob macfarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane after it climbed about 213 meters up . the crane operator shared his first picture of 'little mac' on social media on thursday morning . the crapping critter presumably made the climb over the course of the night . macfarlane said: 'it's not unusual. raccoons seem to like cranes' .
adam leheup, 34, cleared of rape and sexual assault by blackfriars jury . wooed 35 woman on blind date hours after they met at £500m development . told jury she 'freaked out' when he tried to comfort her about her saggy breasts . said: 'in my experience girls say no, but they don't mean it' .
hillary clinton is officially a candidate for president . julian zelizer: hillary clinton is the best-known presidential candidate across both parties .
geraldine jones, 36, of gary, indiana, has been charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement over the death of samantha fleming, 23 . police say jones pretended to be a social worker in order to steal fleming's 17-day-old daughter, serenity . jones was hospitalized for depression and suicidal thoughts .
jaysh al-islam - or army of islam - 'commands as many as 25,000 fighters' masked special forces show off range of skills including close-range combat . group operates in syrian city of damascus and ongoing battle is 'funded by saudi arabia'
nancy cameron has taken to likening her father to phil dunphy . the 11-year-old has taken to using the comparison to highlight his flaws . mr cameron admits the comparison is 'not great' and is 'not great' .
summer elbardissy, 19, fell out beta theta pi fraternity house's window . she was partying at wesleyan university in middletown, connecticut . miss elbardissy had to relearn basic functional skills such as walking . she also had to learn how to brush teeth, get dressed and wash herself . she was rushed to hospital with serious injuries, including a brain injury . seven months on, she is apparently still recovering from the fall .
chris and nicole peppelman were found dead inside their lower moreland, pennsylvania home tuesday afternoon . their bodies were hacked with what appears to be a chainsaw . montgomery county district attorney says only mrs peppelman's death is being classified as a homicide .
tottenham face newcastle at st james' park on sunday . newcastle fans are staging a mass protest against the current regime . spurs boss mauricio pochettino is in an upbeat mood ahead of the game .
manchester united face aston villa in the premier league on saturday . louis van gaal says united can still win the barclays premier league . united are eight points behind premier league leaders chelsea . van gaal admits marouane fellaini has become almost undroppable .
emmanuel sithole was attacked in alexandra township near johannesburg . he was left bleeding to death in a gutter after a medical centre was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner . the brutal attack was captured on camera on saturday morning by a journalist from south africa's sunday times newspaper .
an mp passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation . instead the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to leicestershire police . revelation will heighten fears that the peer, now 86, was the beneficiary of an establishment cover-up .
jimi manuwa faces jan blachowicz in the octagon on tuesday night . the londoner suffered his first defeat to alexander gustafsson last year . manuwa believes his 'aggression and killer instinct' will help him win .
phoebe jo chapman, 42, turned herself in to the lowndes county sheriff’s office on tuesday morning . she has since been charged with three counts of sexual assault . police say the charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys . the students have all since graduated, but investigators say there were still attending lowndes high school when the alleged sexual encounters occurred .
arsenal face reading in the fa cup final at wembley on saturday . the gunners beat reading 1-0 in the first semi-final on saturday . the match clashed with the premier league game between chelsea and manchester united at stamford bridge .
mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel in tijuana . the 66ft deep route was wired with lights and ventilation . soldiers had to descend a 10 feet ladder to access the muddy path .
after a heavy night of drinking, your immune system is bound to be weaker . this is because your body is under oxidative stress - a process that can also happen after smoking, breathing in pollution and even sunbathing . higher doses of vitamin e, found in foods such as kale and almonds, can mitigate the stress on immune cells .
perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances that evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and sensuality . lavender, an ingredient in many perfumes, is strongly associated with pleasure . 'floral perfumes can take years off a woman's life,' says perfume historian mandy aftel .
residents of beckley club estates in dallas, texas, saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual . surveillance video shows the thief grab the animal by its claws before shoving it into his black chevy tahoe . the bird, the largest and oldest male peacock of those that live in the subdivision, was stolen on saturday .
pakistan had almost completely eradicated polio, a devastating disease which paralyses its victims' legs but is preventable with a simple injection . today, it's on the rise again after the taliban declared the vaccine to be a 'western conspiracy' and a 'bio-weapon' that would actually make children sick . but mother-of-three farhina touseef is risking her life by leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through dangerous taliban strongholds .
grey seals have been spied feasting on harbour porpoises off the coast of wales . on four separate occasions, they have been spotted feasting on the porpoises . the footage, the first in the world, was shot by a wildlife cruise company . it backs up a recent study that grey seals have a penchant for young porpoises with a thick layer of energy-packed fat . and that far from scavenging on dead animals, they attack healthy creatures .
just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home . three-quarters of uk renters fear they will never be able to buy their own house . this rises to eight in 10 for londoners, where house prices have risen by double-digits in recent years .
aden gould, 21, opened two boxes of speakers in stoke-on-trent branch . he tested them to see if they worked with his mobile phone and put them back . but he was apprehended by security and told to empty his bag . he was banned from all 1,200 sainsbury's stores across the country . sainsbury's has revoked the ban and waived the £150 security fee .
dzhokhar tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world famous marathon in 2013 . the same jury that convicted tsarnaev will hear testimony on . whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for . his crimes, starting next tuesday . the famed race takes place on the patriots day holiday in massachusetts .
kelly kreth, 44, has been penning letters to murderers behind bars to find out exactly what makes them tick . kreth says after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind . six years and 600 prison letters later, kreth says she's learned that a sociopath is a person 'who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room'
prime minister pictured eating a hotdog with a knife and fork in poole, dorset . he was enjoying lunch with lilli docherty and her daughter dakota . mr cameron has a chequered history with hotdogs, including one sideways . he insists he will not change the way he acts or speaks to win voters .
jack wilshere was on the bench against reading after five months out . ray parlour believes wilshere's injury record could turn him into another abou diaby . the 23-year-old is at the heart of a core of players at the emirates .
francis saili has signed for munster on a two-year deal . the new zealand international will link up with the club later this year . saili made his all blacks debut against argentina in 2013 .
the footage was captured at a birthday party in china's sichuan province . placed across her outstretched legs is a plank of wood and clinging to either side are two women who are about to become human weights .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu calls for a "clear and unambiguous iranian recognition of israel's right to exist" he took his case to the u.s. congress last month over the objections of president obama . netanyahu has lobbied hard for a deal that dismantles and disassembles iran's nuclear infrastructure .
sean dyche insists his burnley players won't dive or cheat to prosper . the clarets are currently bottom of the premier league table . dyche has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed .
digby was abandoned on the street near a set of bins in north london . at just over a month old and weighing less than 1lb, he was freezing cold . he was rescued by the rspca and taken to a centre in hertfordshire . there he quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff nero, 120 times his size .
julian assange has been holed up in the ecuadorian embassy in london since june 2012 . prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another . assange has said he fears sweden would extradite him to the united states .
jose mourinho has won league titles in all four countries he has managed . chelsea boss insists he continues to get better as a manager . mourinho fined £25,000 earlier this season for claiming there was a campaign against his side after being riled by a number of refereeing decisions .
attorney general eric holder sent a memo to doj employees reminding them soliciting prostitutes is against agency rules . his memo came weeks after a scathing inspector general's report found the dea mishandled allegations ten agents had sex parties with prostitutes . holder said the prohibition on soliciting prostitutes applies even when employees are off duty or in foreign countries where prostitution may be legal .
lindsey walker booked in for an overnight stay at the rex hotel in whitley bay, north tyneside . the 23-year-old and her partner were invited to a late-night party with escorts in the room next door . tiles were broken and loose in the bathroom, which could have easily caused injury .
mandi l. walkley, 39, and jacob m. austin, 52, died after a sudden storm in washington's dungeness bay overturned their boats . william d. kelley, 50, who was also rescued by the coast guard, has improved from critical to serious condition . the kayakers were part of a group of seven people who set out on saturday for an excursion along washington's dungeness spit .
adam deacon, 32, allegedly sent abusive tweets to film's writer noel clarke . deacon 'called clarke a bully and blamed him for trying to ruin his career' actor was sectioned under mental health act after being charged with possessing a machete in public .
solar impulse 2 is an experimental plane attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel . weather in china has grounded the plane, which will cover 35,000 kilometers over five months . pilots say their mission is aimed at proving the power of renewable energy and inspiring innovation .
man, who cannot be named, raped daughter from when she was just 10 . he impregnated her, having 'poisoned' her against her mother . as she watched abuser being led away from dock girl ran towards him . he promised to stop abuse after each attack but carried on until she became pregnant . eventually when girl refused to tell authorities who father was they ordered a paternity test . man, who cannot be named, was jailed for life at derby crown court .
hassan munshi and talha asmal, both 17, believed to have travelled to syria . imam farouk younis said muslims must talk to other teenagers 'who think this is the way' he said: 'we need to show them the barbaric things that are going on in syria which are totally against islam'
the worst storm in a decade in nsw has killed three people, left 215,000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos . on tuesday waves reached spectacular heights of 11.2 metres, according to the manly hydraulics laboratory . a staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in dungog, in the hunter region of new south wales, where three elderly people were found dead .
four-year-old hudea was pictured in atmeh refugee camp on syria's border with turkey . family have been living there since her father was killed in the 2012 hama massacre . but two weeks ago, they decided to move towards the city of idlib . it is now under the control of al-qaeda affiliate al-nusra . al-nusra have promised to impose sharia law on the city .
molly wood, 74, died after burgundy kia venga 'lurched forward' in pontefract . her sister, 70, who was about to buy a pay and display ticket, was also injured .
"the big bang theory" returns this week . scarlett johannsson hosts "saturday night live" the day after "avengers" opens nationwide .
gemma redhead, 33, was raped at knifepoint by her former partner philip kirby . he was jailed for eight years in 2011 after admitting four counts of rape . after he was released he defied a restraining order to telephone her . miss redhead said the call 'reawakened all of the fear and terror of the attack' .
aritz aduriz scored a 90th minute equaliser for athletic bilbao . valencia were reduced to 10 men after nicolas otamendi was sent off . substitute rodrigo de paul had given valencia the lead in the second half . getafe moved 10 points clear of the bottom three with a 1-0 win at elche .
dozens of people visited cooden beach hotel in bexhill-on-sea, east sussex . health officials said it is believed 100 people have been affected by the bug . owner james kimber said the source of the illness has not been identified .
european commission antitrust chief margrethe vestager said gazprom was barring eu clients from selling on its gas to other states . russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said that the charges were 'absolutely unacceptable' gazprom is a vital supplier of energy to europe despite the eu's frequent political disputes with moscow . relations with russia, and gazprom in particular, have since been poisoned more by the east-west confrontation over ukraine .
roberto carlos won the champions league three times in five seasons with real madrid . carlos recalls the great names he played alongside and against . the brazilian has picked himself as his dream team .
house built on site of old telephone exchange in chelsea, west london . sold for 300 times average price of home in england and wales . but stamp duty alone is enough to pay annual salary of 330 nurses . it is now one of the most expensive homes to ever sell in the uk .
rspca inspectors were called to a house in lawrence weston, bristol . they found a horse living in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn around . another horse was found chained to the ground on a grassy area nearby . both horses were removed on wednesday after complaints from neighbours .
robert h. schuller was a california televangelist and founder of "hour of power" he had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in august 2013 .
simba was rescued by firefighters in meckenheim, near bonn, germany . neighbour heard scratching in newly refitted bathroom four weeks later . thought animal crawled under floor boards as bathroom was being renovated .
stephanie fragoso was cited on wednesday, april fools' day, after she was stopped in las vegas by a nevada highway patrol trooper . the trooper issued a $200 ticket for putting on lib balm while behind the wheel . the state released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015 .
prime minister said labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare . accused miliband and balls of having 'some brass neck' by attacking tories . mr cameron said tories were overhauling the benefit system . he added: 'true compassion isn’t giving people a benefits cheque – it’s giving them a chance'
frank knight, 67, is being sued by blackpool and the oyston family . knight posted an apology on his facebook account last week . he agreed to pay damages of £20,000 to the fylde coast club . blackpool fans have been protesting against the oystons before matches .
raheem sterling says he is not ready to sign a new deal at liverpool . paul scholes has told sterling to stay at the club and continue his development . liverpool are infuriated by sterling's decision to give an interview to the bbc without even telling them .
the vii summit of the americas was supposed to be about the symbolic handshake between the u.s. and cuba . but venezuela's president recently accused the united states of trying to topple his government .
smartphones are the most common internet-enabled device, with 1.7 per household . followed by laptops (1.3) and tablets (1.2), according to yougov poll . four in 10 households now own one tablet, one fifth have two .
a group called community technology alliance is giving away free google handsets loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters and soup kitchens . the phones are also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing, as companies often require people to visit their websites . the bay area has one of the most acute homelessness problems in the u.s., with approximately destitute 14,000 people living in san francisco and san jose alone .
tiger woods was spotted practising at augusta on tuesday . the former world no 1 is said to have returned to the course . woods has not played on the pga tour since february 5 .
cassandra fortin, 17, was diagnosed with hodgkin's lymphoma last year . she and her mother initially refused treatment for the cancer . but in january, a court ruled that cassandra could not make the decision because she was not legally mature enough to decide how to treat her cancer . on monday, she was released from connecticut children's medical center after spending five months undergoing chemotherapy to save her life .
barcelona beat celta vigo 1-0 in la liga to go top of la liga . jeremy mathieu scored the winning goal after 73 minutes . neymar, dani alves and adriano all started for the catalan giants .
girl, named locally as leah price, airlifted to hospital with serious injuries . it is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs near filey, north yorkshire . a retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff has said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside . she said: 'i could hear crying in a van, it was such a drama. i could hear crying in a van, it was such a drama'
dame sally davies is said to be concerned at the number of rickets cases . condition is caused by a deficiency in vitamin d and causes bone deformities . it was virtually eradicated after the second world war but is returning . now professor davies has ordered a cost review into giving free supplements .
the u.s. is too reliant on russian technology to meet our national security obligations . the u.s. should not be reliant on nonsecure foreign supply chains .
gaioz nigalidze, the current georgian champion, was expelled from the dubai open chess tournament . he was found using his phone in the middle of a match to check moves . tournament organisers found nigalidze had stored a mobile phone in a cubicle, covered in toilet paper . he could now face a maximum 15-year ban from the game .
robert lewis burns jr. died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree . he was part of the genre-defining band's original lineup .
samantha fleming and her newborn daughter serenity were last seen in anderson, indiana, on april 5 . they left with a woman who claimed she was from child protective services . the three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in gary on friday and will be returned to relatives . in the same home, police found a body doused with bleach, wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic storage bin .
the 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while sitting in her car . days later her vision became blurred and she had a hole in her retina . opthalmologist mohit gupta scanned the woman's retina using oct . he discovered the hole in the woman's macula, responsible for 90% of her vision .
joe launchbury has been out since october with a bulging disc in his neck . wasps lock is hopeful of making his comeback against leicester on may 9 . launchbury's absence has spanned nine missed tests for england .
jonny bucknell, 58, was caught eating in camden council chamber . labour rival theo blackwell spotted him and alerted other councillors . mayor lazzaro pietragnoli had to tell mr bucknell to put down his knife .
izzat ibrahim al-douri, 72, died in fighting with government troops in salahuddin province, north of baghdad, on friday . he was deputy to saddam when he was deposed following the us-led invasion of iraq in 2003 . today, his body was returned to baghdad and delivered to the ministry of health .
australians have taken to social media to remember the sacrifice of the anzacs . record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the gallipoli landing . proud aussies came together in huge numbers in sydney, while more paid their respects in queensland's regional and coastal towns of gympie and coolangatta .
hundreds of seals are being killed in british waters to protect fish stocks . cull even takes place during the animals' breeding season . farmers say killings are essential to stop animals destroying fish stocks . but campaigners insist there are more humane methods of protecting fish .
the channel islands heritage festival will take place in guernsey from 3 april to 11 may . it is a five-week hurrah of history, parades, concerts and food . liberation day will turn st peter port and jersey's capital st helier into swirls of people and music .
rugby star mike tindall bought horse monbeg dude for £12,000 at auction . he was overcome by the 40-1 outsider's performance at aintree yesterday . zara phillips coached monbeg dude to seventh place in last year's race .
scar booth allows users to superimpose 77 gory wounds onto selfies . the app's developers boast: 'your friends and family will be convinced' anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for 'glorifying violence'
vijaya gadde said social network had let internet abuse go 'unchecked' said it did not recognise scope and scale of the problem . said twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse .
aaron hernandez is convicted of first-degree murder in the death of odin lloyd . jurors met with reporters after the verdict . jurors said they came away satisfied with their decision .
trading standards officials in buckinghamshire and surrey raised the alarm over the chinese made decorations, as they were 'likely to contravene food imitation safety rules' the eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats with a brown 'speckle' designed to make it look like a quail's egg . the eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the easter break .
dr oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at columbia's college of physicians and surgeons . the doctors sent the letter to lee goldman, the dean of columbia's faculties of health sciences and medicine . he said: 'we provide multiple points of view, including mine, which is offered without conflict of interest. that doesn't sit well with certain agendas which distort the facts'
the car, which was carrying 12, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 ford expedition to overturn saturday in martin county, on central florida's atlantic coast . 38-year-old uriel miranda died at the scene and his 2-year-old daughter yaretsi miranda died saturday evening at a hospital . troopers say all 12 occupants were relatives from apopka and a police report indicated half of them weren't wearing seatbelts .
mesut ozil says he is now playing his best football since joining arsenal . the german midfielder was off the pace at the beginning of the season . ozil says he was also struggling with the physicality of the premier league . the 26-year-old says his injury has worked in his favour after a busy schedule .
susan monica, 66, was found guilty on tuesday of murdering stephen delicino, 59, and robert haney, 56, over a one-year span . monica shot both men in self-defense and fed their corpses to her pigs . she asked for sentencing as soon as the jury was dismissed, saying 'it doesn't seem to matter' monica was sentenced to life in prison, with the possibility of parole after a minimum of 50 years .
border patrol boats detected underwater target yesterday and this morning . finnish military says it dropped depth charges onto suspected submarine . finland shares an 833-mile border with russia .
richard sherman shared a photo of him and his girlfriend ashley moss with their son, rayden, on instagram . rayden was born on february 5, just four days after sherman and the seattle seahawks lost the super bowl to the new england patriots . in the most recent photo, which he shared on thursday, sherman and moss are seen cradling rayden, with the football star writing; 'best part of life'
pep guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth champions league semi-final in his six years as a manager . bayern munich take on porto in the quarter-final first leg on wednesday . st andrews has seen a decline in the premier league in recent years .
binky, 24, has been in the cast of made in chelsea since 2011 . has teamed up with phone case company otterbox to share tips . says faux fur is one of her top tips for achieving perfect chelsea street style .
'halal' sex shop offering 'sensual aids' set to open in mecca, saudi arabia . store will stock adult items classed as 'islamically approved', it has emerged . owner of dutch halal sex shop said it would encourage 'sexual relationship'
arsenal are close to signing argentine wonderkid maxi romero . the 16-year-old has been dubbed the next lionel messi . the gunners are in advanced talks with velez sarsfield over a deal .
dzhokhar tsarnaev is convicted on all 30 counts he faced in the 2013 boston marathon bombings . the sentencing phase of his trial begins april 21, a day after this year's boston marathon . prosecutors called 92 witnesses, and the defense just four .
the edwardian-style building and shopfront on brunswick street in fitzroy was once owned by wei tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five thai women as sex slaves . the brothel, formerly known as club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa, as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room . the brothel is currently between a t-shirt shop and television repair company .
the victims of a horrific medical experiment run by the united states in guatemala are now suing johns hopkins university . the lawsuit, which has 750 plaintiffs and includes victims and their families, is seeking $1billion . plaintiffs claim that officials from hopkins approved and helped to plan the study, which ran from 1945 to 1956 . in the aftermath of the experiment, some individuals died of syphilis, while those who survived claim they passed the disease down to their children .
276 girls were abducted from their school by boko haram militants last year . unicef have revealed that more than 200 of the girls remain in captivity . children as young as four are being used within the ranks of boko haram . they are being trained to fight, forced to be suicide bombers or sold as sex slaves .
scientists have found deep water gas hydrates in the arctic that are reservoirs for abiotic methane – a gas 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide . the gas forms through a process called serpentinisation . serpentinisation occurs when seawater reacts with hot mantle rocks exhumed along large faults within the seafloor . scientists don't believe the formations will impact climate change . instead, they say similar formations could someday be used to store methane, that can later be used as fuel .
linda macdonald, 55, from shelburne, massachusetts was arrested monday night in dummerston, vermont . macdonald crashed her 2011 toyota camry into a wooden fence . she posted a .10 blood-alcohol content - above the state's legal threshold of .08 .
siyanda ngwenya, known as adams, allegedly attacked female housemate . the pair were last seen on tv kissing and cuddling before going to bed . ngwenya boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman . but alleged victim is said to have been shocked by the claims and told contestants that she did not consent to having sex .
pensions office worker sent out letter asking for £3,351,978,728,190,661 . the bill is more than a thousands times germany's annual gdp . it is enough to pay the uk government debt nearly 2,000 times over .
the first comprehensive picture of how neurons connect to one another found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a russian nesting doll . the internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger, regional networks and ultimately with the backbone of the internet .
england is getting rugby-fever from the north east to east london . david 'flats' flatman has been touring the rugby world cup venues . the former bath, saracens and england prop is preparing for the tournament .
ee shops will give away free portable chargers to customers . customers can swap power bar for new one at any ee shop for free . ee said battery-draining video streaming now accounts for 50% of data use .
arthur baldwin, 29, was arrested at a woman's residence in southeast washington . he is charged with first-degree attempted burglary, a felony, and one misdemeanor count for destruction of property .
president obama tied himself to a nuclear deal with iran even before he became the democratic candidate for president . julian zelizer: obama has a huge political stake in these negotiations .
a new report claims ivan milat, australia's most notorious serial killer, could have been caught before he went on a backpacker killing spree . boris milat has confessed to knowing of his brother's first victim, neville knight, and to hiding the truth for more than 52 years . 'ivan shot him - he told me the next day,' mr milat told the program . alan dillon was convicted for the shooting and spent five years behind bars .
reanne evans beat ken doherty 10-8 at ponds forge on thursday night . evans is the first woman to play in the world snooker championship . doherty won the title back in 1997 .
arthur townsend, 92, poured product over a mercedes sprinter belonging to martin carter - the son of his friend olive carter, 96 . carried out attack after becoming angry with mr carter, who he believed was making his mother stay at home to sign for packages relating to his online business . townsend, who lives in care home in epping, essex, supported himself with zimmer frame as he admitted criminal damage .
tony hatch and jackie trent wrote a string of chart-topping hits for the world's biggest stars and created the memorable tune of australian television soap neighbours . hatch was expected to be at trent's funeral when she died last month aged 74 after a long battle with cancer . trent's second husband, colin gregory, has accused hatch of breaking his wife's heart . gregory says trent never forgiven hatch for the infidelity that ended their marriage .
muhanad mahmoud al farekh, 29, was deported from pakistan to the united states . he's accused of plotting to fight against american forces abroad .
the german woman, who has not been named, was in a taxi at charles de gaulle airport . three thieves 'appeared from nowhere' and smashed a rear window of the car . they then made off with the designer handbag worth more than £4million . the heist took place in the landy tunnel, which is notorious for smash-and-grabs .
ian bell hit 22nd test match century to rescue england in first test . west indies pace trio jerome taylor, kemar roach and jason holder all bowled with a discipline and skill worthy of their mentor curtly ambrose . england captain alastair cook desperately needs both runs and victories .
gavin thorman operated drugs empire from hmp altcourse in liverpool . father-of-four boasted in welsh he would make 'millions' when he got out . drugs worth £200,000, luxury cars, guns and even a boat were seized by detectives . thorman organised supply of cocaine and cannabis from liverpool and manchester .
dash cam video shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions between the officer and walter scott . the video does not show the actual shooting .
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the fa cup third round . philippe coutinho opened the scoring before fabian delph equalised . christian benteke equalised for villa in the 36th minute .
john parker was taken to westmead hospital in sydney's west for treatment about midday on saturday . the humanitarian doctor had developed symptoms of a influenza-like illness . he had been working at an australian-run ebola treatment clinic in sierra leone since november last year . nsw health has confirmed dr parker does not have ebola and that no further testing is required at this stage .
the wild asian elephant became stuck in a muddy quagmire in southern china . she was lying on her side in a state of desperation when locals came across her . using only ropes and wooden poles, more than 20 villagers and police officers teamed together to free the animal before she died of starvation, dehydration or exhaustion .
philippe braham was one of 17 people killed in january's terror attacks in paris . his wife, valerie braham, now lives for her young children .
middlesbrough are top of the championship with just four weeks to go . bournemouth have led the league for 101 days . watford host middlesbrough at vicarage road on monday .
general martin dempsey, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, sent a letter saying he regretted that he 'added to the grief' of debbie lee, whose son marc was killed in ramadi in august 2006 . the 28-year-old navy seal was awarded the purple heart and silver star for his bravery .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on friday . the fight will be the richest of all time . fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in . the decision to sell tickets has been made in the interests of safety, not profit . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
photographer, john spies, 59, captured the magnificence of the vast, yet intricate, underground wonderland . tham khoun ex caves, commonly known as xe bang fai river caves, feature imposing stalagmitemade of mineral deposits . with over 15km of awe-inspiring passages and wide expanses of water, it really is one of laos' hidden treasures .
nicholas tooth, 25, was playing for the quirindi lions against the narrabri blue boars in mid-north nsw on saturday when he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder . he was treated at the ground before being airlifted to newcastle's john hunter hospital in a critical condition but died on sunday . the young man had been living in sydney while studying at sydney university .
on april 7, thenga adams, flying from guyana in south america was arrested after customs at jfk in new york searched the sneakers in his luggage . when customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $30,000 worth of cocaine . this is the second time a person flying from guyana was nabbed at jfk for allegedly trying to smuggle drugs .
rejean hermel perron, 43, allegedly held the woman captive for five days . dog walker peter hamilton heard her cries and tried to free her from restraints . he had left his cell phone at home, forcing him to take out nail clippers . police say he subjected her to sexual assaults including 'ritualistic actions' . perron charged with sexual assault with a weapon, kidnapping, forcible confinement and assault .
olympic gold medalist rebecca adlington is eight months pregnant . the 26-year-old is expecting her first child with husband harry needs . rebecca lost 21lbs after appearing in itv's i'm a celebrity! get me out of here jungle .
supreme court chief justice john roberts reported for jury duty in rockville, maryland on wednesday . the 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives . roberts sat incognito with the other called jurors and answered questions about his sister in indiana who is a nurse and his brother-in-law who works with the indiana state police .
captain robert lewis was on the enola gay bomber which dropped the bomb . he compiled a £300,000 archive compiled by the co-pilot of the plane . documents include flightplan, eyewitness account and log books . collection is being put to auction by the son of captain lewis's father .
real madrid beat celta vigo 4-2 in the champions league . javier hernandez scored six goals in eight starts for real madrid . chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a scoring ratio that is only two minutes short of lionel messi who nets once every 81 minutes .
jericho scott, 16, was killed early on sunday while he sat in a car in new haven, connecticut . scott became an internet star when he was told he couldn't pitch for his little league team because he threw 40mph . he had five no-hitters in the team's first eight games of the season before being told to sit or switch positions . when his manager sent him out to pitch after the ban, the other team refused to play and said its players were afraid of being injured .
couple in their 40s became unusual victims of age discrimination . hsbc rejected £250,000 mortgage application because husband was too old . watchdog found bank ‘relied on untested assumptions, stereotypes or generalisations in respect of age’ in the case . financial ombudsman service found lender guilty of being ‘unfair’ .
cowboy builders had been called in to fix a leak in the beckle-raymond's home . instead, they left the family with no roof and just tarpaulin protecting the house . rain got into the property causing ceilings to collapse causing damage . phillip, gaby and their two children, orion and aurielle, are lucky to be alive .
the donor, josh dall-leighton of windham, said that maine medical center officials informed him this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him . christine royles, 24, organized fundraisers to reimburse dall-leighton for unpaid time away from work . someone else established an online fund that ballooned to more than $40,000 - it can be seen here . the appearance that someone could be profiting from an organ donation raises ethical concerns because it's illegal to sell organs .
craig stoner, darren smalley, 35, joshua finbow, 23, and simon radford, 31, each charged with one count of sexual assault . alleged attack said to have taken place at a military base in shearwater, near halifax, nova scotia .
'sopranos' creator david chase explains how to build tension in a seemingly nondescript situation . chase: "there's no real reason for the tension to ratchet up, but it does"
fifa presidential candidate luis figo does not believe that sepp blatter will receive all 54 votes from african nations . figo, prince ali bin al hussein and dutch football association president michael van praag are the other candidates . blatter is seeking re-election on may 29 .
john carver says he's enjoying his role at newcastle . newcastle have won just two games under carver . fans are desperate for him not to be named manager .
the video captures the 'end of days' group brawling with police in cottonwood, arizona, on march 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight . enoch gaver, 21, was killed in the fight and suspect david gaver, 28, was shot in the stomach and taken into custody . ten-year cottonwood police veteran sgt jeremy daniels was also shot and hospitalized, but has since been released .
arsenal players have revealed their ultimate pre-game playlist . olivier giroud selected coldplay's 'every teardrop is a waterfall' . santi cazorla chose melendi's 'languid' track as his pre-game selection .
a man from central queensland has been charged with torture . on saturday a 29-year-old man was admitted to bundaberg hospital with fractures, head injuries and burns . police launched their own investigation after observing his injuries . the victim claimed to have amnesia and could not remember what happened . the 32-year-old is due to appear at bundaberg magistrates court on monday .
a federal jury found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on wednesday over the terror attack that killed three people and wounded more than 260 . the jury will now decide whether the 21-year-old former student should be sentenced to death or receive life in prison . prosecutors portrayed the brothers as full partners in a plan to retaliate against the us for its wars in muslim countries .
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in the champions league on tuesday night . pep guardiola ripped a hole in his trousers during the match in germany . bayern secured a place in the semi-finals thanks to goals from thiago alcantara, jerome boateng, thomas muller, xabi alonso and robert lewandowski .
monumental qasr al-farid or 'the lonely castle' was constructed in the first century a.d. and situated on one of the most important ancient trade routes . the four-storey monument was actually used as a tomb, borrowing decorative elements from egyptian, hellenistic, and assyrian architecture . it is the largest of 131 tombs, which were carved straight into rock in the city of mada'in saleh during the pinnacle of nabatean era .
the tiger was chasing what was sure to be dinner when it slipped on the icy surface and lost its footing . as the bird flew higher and higher in a blind panic the tiger began to slip . but momentum caused its feet to slide away from underneath and go skidding along the slippery ground . the hilarious moment took place at the hengdaohezi siberian tiger park in northeast china .
guinness offered the top flight a huge deal of £135m over three years . the deal is a £5m-a-year increase on the payments from barclays . the pl want as much as £60m-a-season from a mega title backer .
karim benzema believes real madrid are capable of retaining the champions league . the la liga giants won their 10th european cup last season . james rodriguez has heaped praise on carlo ancelotti .
javier hernandez scored a late winner for real madrid against atletico madrid . the mexican striker swept in a pass from cristiano ronaldo with two minutes left . thierry henry believes hernandez owes his team-mate all the credit .
janet muller was found dead in the boot of a burning car on march 13 . the 21-year-old's body was discovered in ifield, near crawley, west sussex . police have now released footage of her night before her death . her family have paid tribute to her 'inspirational, passionate and caring person' .
crowds who turned out for the anzac day memorial service at sydney's martin place have been left fuming after the ivy nightclub played loud dance music during the minute’s silence . a contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on . many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to twitter to express their anger at the club interrupting the minute’s silence on at least five occasions .
a series of pictures by german artist jörg düsterwald show body-painted models camouflaged in woodland . the intricate detailing of the paint on the naked bodies means it is virtually impossible to work out where the person is . jörg has been actively producing body art projects for the last 20 years .
andre gomes has been linked with a move to manchester united and chelsea . the 21-year-old says he is happy to stay at valencia and ply his trade in la liga . gomes has netted four times in 25 la liga appearances since leaving benfica .
eugenie bouchard refused to shake hands with alexandra dulgheru . bouchard was mocked by the romanian team after they had inflicted defeat . the 21-year-old canadian has previously declined the traditional shake of hands that takes place at the draw prior to matches in the fed cup .
kevin theophile-catherine has been on loan at st etienne this season . st etienne have an option to make the deal permanent for £1.5million . they will not take up an option to sign norwich striker ricky van wolfswinkel on a permanent deal .
alexis sanchez joined arsenal in a £32million deal from barcelona last summer . the chile international has scored 19 goals so far this season . arsene wenger believes sanchez is one of the best around .
arizona police chief says deadly force was authorized . video shows officer running into armed suspect . the suspect survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged .
blue bell recalls all its ice cream, yogurt, sherbet and other frozen treats in 23 states . three people in kansas have died in the past year, the cdc says .
aston villa are chasing cordoba striker florin andone . the 22-year-old romanian has scored six goals in 16 games for the club . villa are also rivalling west brom for wolves winger bakary sako .
badgers rallied for a tough 71-64 victory in the ncaa men's basketball final four at indianapolis . kentucky came into the game as the first men's team to have a 38-0 record .
shoccara marcus returned to her childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011 . she packed up her things and within two weeks returned to her family's atlanta, georgia home . in a project about the complexity of family dynamics, she expresses her feelings of isolation as she copes with her family remembering her as the child she used to be .
perak mufti tan sri harussani zakaria said rape was 'made up' by europeans . claimed wives could only refuse sex if they were menstruating, sick or just born . cleric said rape was 'made by european people, why should we follow?'
a royal night out will be released next month to coincide with the anniversary of ve day on may 8, 1945 . the hon margaret rhodes, 89, is first cousin to the queen and her best friend . she recalls how a small gang including 19-year-old princess elizabeth, princess margaret, 15, and mrs rhodes’s brothers, left the palace by the privy gate .
versace designer donatella versace, 59, is set to appear in a new campaign for rival design house givenchy . givenchy designer riccardo tisci, 40, revealed the surprising pick for his fall-winter campaign on instagram yesterday .
juventus lost 2-1 at rivals torino in the serie a derby on sunday . andrea pirlo scored a stunning free-kick to put juventus in front . pirlo's contract at the club expires at the end of next season .
crawley-based acro aircraft seating has unveiled its new premium economy seat . 'series 7' seat has hand-stitched leather armrests, aluminium chassis and composite materials . the seats were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants .
university council voted to remove cecil rhodes statue after months of protests . the bronze sculpture was seen as a symbol of historical white oppression . the government has backed the move and is working to see if the country can take an 'official position' on colonial symbols .
as many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time down under this year . a record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to australia in 1969 . this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 as people are moving to australia in droves .
the house in the sea sits right on the beach in newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge . the island is surrounded by water and offers panoramic sea views at every turn .
james webb space telescope will be 100 times more potent than hubble . it will be able to see back to 200 million years after the big bang . nasa describes it as a 'powerful time machine with infrared vision' the project has drawn scrutiny from lawmakers for its ballooning costs . but nasa has promised to keep the next-generation telescope on track for its october 2018 launch .
chris blowes, 26, is fighting for his life after being mauled by a great white shark in south australia . he was attacked about 350 metres offshore on saturday . mr blowes lost a leg and is in a critical condition in intensive care . he was airlifted to royal adelaide hospital before being airlifted to adelaide on saturday . mr blowes' family have released a statement thanking his 'inspirational mates' for their support .
the former white house intern would be a 'run away success' on the view, a network source tells daily mail online . she would attract great guests - even if casting her as a regular co-host would make it unlikely that potential 2016 presidential hopeful hillary clinton or president bill clinton would ever appear on the show again .
sabine smouha, from hampstead, had £2,000 designer tote bag made in japan . it was a 50th birthday gift from her husband, the director of an investments firm . but border force seized it because nile crocodiles are a protected species . they refused to return it to her because it did not have required import permit . now, mrs smouha has been handed victory by a tribunal judge .
last week gertrude weaver, who was already the oldest person in america, asked president barack obama to attend her birthday party on the fourth of july . weaver passed away from complications due to pneumonia . she attributed her long life to treating others well and eating her own cooking .
chris early, who owns a production company in knoxville, tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too . the tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions to abc news, showing how he is now able monitor his child's whereabouts from the skies .
carlo ancelotti has been linked with a return to the premier league . but the real madrid boss insists he will remain in charge next season . iker casillas will also be staying at the bernabeu, according to reports . barcelona, real, atletico madrid and valencia all play within six hours of each other on saturday .
manjinder virk will play pathologist dr kam karimore in midsomer murders . it is the first significant role for an ethnic minority actor . in 2011, executive producer brian true-may described the show as the 'last bastion of englishness' because it had no black or asian characters . mr true-may was suspended as a result of his comments and he later quit .
manchester city face crystal palace at selhurst park on monday . manuel pellegrini knows his side can ill afford to fall further behind . chelsea extended their lead at the top of the premier league .
natasha hope-simpson received angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space . hope-simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a hit-and-run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee . hope-simpson is an artist and has accepted her loss by taking in an opportunity to create wearable art .
each year thousands of homeless pooches facing euthanasia get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages . groups such as wings of rescue or south carolina-based pilots n paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes, fuel and time . states such as california, georgia and south carolina typically have too many dogs in shelters, while places such as washington, oregon, new jersey and florida need more pets to satisfy demand .
temperatures in england set to peak today with 25c expected in south east . this will beat marseille at 22c (72f), athens at 21c (70f), rome at 19c (66f) and madrid at 18c (64f) temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives but days will remain sunny until next week .
president barack obama and cuban president raul castro meet in panama . john avlon: obama needs to put on a strong performance at panama summit .
manchester united will introduce the living wage at old trafford in july . all premier league clubs have agreed to pay £7.85 an hour from 2016-17 . but united have decided to implement the salary a year early . a group of united and city supporters had planned to demonstrate about the issue at sunday's manchester derby .
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . christian benteke and fabian delph scored for villa in the fa cup semi-final . tom cleverley has hailed tim sherwood's attacking style . villa face arsenal in the final on may 30 in the premier league .
the phone belonged to bella crooke from melbourne . it was handed in to albury police station on the nsw-victoria border . officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos on bella's facebook page . the original post had already garnered a humorous response from bella's friends and officers .
the rare formation, which appears to be formed of two double rainbows, appeared over a commuter rail station on long island early tuesday . amanda curtis, founder of fashion company nineteenth amendment, snapped the picture at the glen cove station .
a quarter of all marriages in scotland involved outside couples last year . scotland held 5.54 marriages per 1,000 - making it the most popular part of the uk . dumfries and galloway, in the southwest of the country, was the most popular .
blunder believed to have been caused by race marshal taking toilet break . 300 runners were supposed to have been directed at a turning point . instead they continued past unmanned marshall point for three kilometres . organisers bournemouth borough council appealed for those affected to contact them for a 'gesture of goodwill'
eric cantona says you and the night is a 'piece of art' and not porn . the former manchester united midfielder says it is 'beautiful' . cantona stars alongside actress beatrice dalle in the film .
jamyra gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing david messerschmitt, 30, on february 9 in washington, d.c. the woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him . the victim was found with multiple stab wounds to the back, groin and abdomen along with one wound which pierced his heart and another which hit his spinal cord .
four sisters were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother's sunshine coast home in the middle of the night to go back to live with their father in italy in 2012 . they were removed from their home in australia and their return to italy . the girls have come through the ordeal as happy and well-adjusted girls . they have expressed their regret for the way they handled the dramatic exit .
nasa has released an infographic detailing the various worlds in our solar system suspected to have subsurface oceans . it followed claims by dr ellen stofan, chief scientist for the agency, that we could find life in the next ten or 20 years . 'we are going to have strong indications of life beyond earth in the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years,' said dr stofan .
lorenzo simon killed friend michael spalding and dismembered his body . simon and girlfriend michelle bird used 39-year-old for slave labour, court heard . pair stuffed remains into suitcases before throwing them into birmingham canal . police have now released cctv footage showing pair dragging cases along pavement .
study reviewed 20 different studies of penis size, including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world . most men fall within just a couple of centimetres of each other, with most measuring around 5.2 inches in length when erect with a 4.6 inch circumference . tracey investigate various sexual statistical claims and separates myth from reality .
fda found that 'none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims' and were in fact 'misbranded' a honey smoked bbq kind bar contains 230 calories, 16gms of fat and 125mgs of sodium . an equivalent serving of snickers contains 190 calories, 9gms of fat and 91mgs of sodium .
jeremy peace wants between £150million and £200million for west brom . groups from america, australia and far east are believed to be interested . manager tony pulis has been assured deal will be done by july .
snp leader has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in loanhead . she refused to rule out a second referendum on breaking up the union . lib dem leader nick clegg warned the entire country would suffer . ms sturgeon was booed after saying scots should have another say .
kyle schwartz has been a teacher in denver, colorado, for three years . last month she devised a lesson plan called 'i wish my teacher knew...' she asked her students to write down one thing they wanted to tell her, but wouldn't normally in the classroom situation . one student wrote about missing her father, who was deported back to mexico six years ago .
odds on second royal baby being called sam have been slashed . follows success of sam waley-cohen, duchess of cambridge's friend . jockey helped couple rekindle romance during brief split in 2007 .
prince harry will arrive in australia next monday for his final tour of duty . he will spend four weeks with the australian defence force . captain wales, as he is known in the british army, will fall in with troops at the perth sas base and take on training exercises . harry will also spend time with indigenous norforce soldiers in the northern territory, and the army's sydney-based 6th aviation regiment .
juventus beat monaco 1-0 in the champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday night . ricardo carvalho gave away a penalty in the 57th minute after colliding with andrea pirlo's pass . juventus midfielder arturo vidal scored from the spot to give his side the lead . monaco goalkeeper danijel subasic watched on as vidal put the ball into the top corner .
manuel pellegrini could be out of a job at manchester city in the summer . if he is, he will have left little behind at the etihad stadium . vincent kompany has fallen well short of the standards he set in recent seasons . pellegrini has not alienated or even polarised his dressing room .
marina yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders . although yamkovskaia specializes in owls, piglets, cats, pandas and bears are other animals which feature in her collection . it takes her around two days to produce just one doll .
transport for london has launched a campaign to tackle abuse on public transport . a female commuter is hounded by an increasingly persistent male on the tube . he looks her up and down, gets on to the same train carriage and then gropes her . the narrator - broadchurch actress olivia coleman - asks: 'would you report it?'
seven philippine crocodiles flew out of melbourne on wednesday en route to their native country . the 40 centimetre-long crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by melbourne zoo . there are only about 250 philippine crocodiles left in the wild, making them the most endangered crocodile species in the world .
arsene wenger is march's winner of the premier league manager of the month award - his 14th accolade . wenger won the award in april 2002, october 2002 and april 2007 . the frenchman won 27 monthly prizes in march . sir alex ferguson won 27 in october 2012, not long before he announced his retirement .
the inflatable, nicknamed ba di doll, has appeared at a shopping complex in eastern china's nanjing city . the attraction, which features a ball pit, slide and climbing area, can be accessed via the doll's right foot . cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex .
kathy ferreiro, 21, is a 'mamasota', meaning 'hot' or 'sexy' in spanish . the miami-based latina has already been dubbed the 'cuban kim kardashian' she is a 'mamasota', meaning 'hot' or 'sexy' and is as fond of belfies and selfies as her idol .
james holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity . jurors will examine seven minutes of holmes' seven-minute surrender . holmes faces 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder charges .
brendan rodgers says raheem sterling has never said he wants to leave liverpool . sterling did suggest he was considering his future during a bbc interview last week . rodgers insists he will continue to play for liverpool throughout the season .
javier hernandez is 'ready' to lead real madrid's attack against atletico . the 26-year-old is on a season-long loan from manchester united . real madrid take on atletico in the champions league quarter-finals .
surrender order was sent by german president karl doenitz on may 8, 1945 . told officers to abandon fighting or face the wrath of the allies . found on luftwaffe chief robert von greim when he was arrested that day . doenitz had been hitler's choice to replace him as leader of the nazis . a week later, amid a crumbling and defeated reich, doenitz met with allied commanders to sign the instrument of surrender .
sophie ryan-palmer, 12, fabian bates, nine, and chloe balloqui, three, are patients at great ormond street hospital, london . they are the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy .
sunderland will not suspend adam johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl . the black cats hierarchy have decided that the 27-year-old should be allowed to continue playing for the club until the outcome of his case has been decided . johnson has been bailed to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20 – the same day sunderland travel to arsenal .
residents in alderholt, dorset, woke on sunday to find a chocolate egg . the easter bunny delivered the eggs to every house in the village . tracey feltham described the deed as a 'wonderful act of random kindness'
president barack obama and his wife, michelle, paid more than $93,000 in federal taxes last year on an adjusted gross income of more than $477,000 . the obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $160,000 in itemized deductions, including $70,712 in charitable donations to 33 different charities . the 38-page document, which includes the couple's illinois state income tax return, shows the president made nearly $395,000 in wages .
art sleuth christopher marinello, 53, tracked down nine stolen paintings . works include works by chagall and rivera stolen from an la mansion . he is representing heirs of art dealer paul rosenberg in their bid to recover henri matisse's 1921 femme assise .
officer jared forsyth, 33, had been a member of the ocala police department since 2012 . he was wearing a bulletproof vest during firearms training, but the round entered through his arm and went through his chest, police said . forsyth was rushed to ocala regional medical center in critical condition and was taken into surgery, but died several hours later .
andrea bradley, 28, and glen bates, 32, have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter . glenara bates was brought to an ohio hospital last month dead and weighing only 13lbs . at the time of her death glenara was only 13lbs - the average weight of a 3 or 4-month-old infant . the parents could face the death penalty if convicted of all the charges .
west ham have announced a new five-year kit deal with umbro . the hammers join fellow premier league sides everton and hull in partnering with the former england kit makers . umbro produced the first-ever west ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s .
former qpr chief gianni paladini has registered as a director of a new bradford city holding company . paladini has attempted to buy birmingham city from carson yeung . bradford have been one of the great success stories of the season .
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 at wembley to reach fa cup final . christian benteke, fabian delph and jack grealish scored for villa . tim sherwood said his team 'bamboozled' liverpool .
aleksandr glushko, 21, of delta junction drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he'd just crashed . an alaskan railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site . he looped back and was arrested by police who were at the scene . glushko has two prior dui convictions and was arrested on charges of felony dui and vehicle theft .
fifi m. maacaron, 36, is a pharmacist and natural skincare expert . her book, natural beauty alchemy, contains over 100 natural ingredients . these include apple cider vinegar, sesame oil and coconut oil .
manchester united defeated manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . wayne rooney said united set out to exploit city's work-shy midfield . ashley young claimed united fans were the loudest he's ever heard . city are considering letting yaya toure and samir nasri join them this summer .
las vegas is known as 'sin city' but the nickname dates back to a building used by prostitutes in the early 1900s . singapore is known as 'lion city' because founder sir stamford raffles saw a merlion - despite lions not being native to the city at all . philadelphia is recognised by its nickname of 'the city of brotherly love'
"we can only trust in god for a miracle at this time," cissy houston says . bobbi kristina brown, daughter of bobby brown and whitney houston, has irreversible brain damage .
prime minister visited a primary school near bolton to unveil education policy . under future tory government children who get poor sats results will be forced to resit them in secondary school . mr cameron appeared completely taken with six-year-old lucy howarth . the youngster pulled a series of funny faces before resting her head on the table after struggling with a tricky passage .
for a limited time starbucks will be introducing the s'more frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday, april 28 . the drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream, milk chocolate sauce, graham crackers, coffee, milk and ice . the beverage is then topped off with the same marshmallow whipped cream and graham cracker crumbs .
scientists have found a system of priming the body's immune system to recognise, attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung, skin and bowel tumours . early trials ‘profoundly retarded’ tumour growth in mice . survival rates were boosted by more than 50 per cent .
the u.s. attorney's office says 48-year-old john zelepos of north stonington faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty tuesday to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses . zelepos diverted just over $567,000 from mystic pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members . prosecutors said he's agreed to paying $234,407 in restitution over the tax returns along with interest and penalties .
malky mackay was sensationally sacked by wigan athletic on monday . alan stubbs is one of the front-runners for the manager's job at wigan . stubbs' no2 john doolan was part of uwe rosler's backroom staff at the dw stadium before the german was sacked in november . former scotland defender gary caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis .
the suspect from clacton was arrested on suspicion of murder at 11.40am . he is being questioned in connection with the death of james gregorie . the 54-year-old victim was killed following a late-night 'altercation' in clacton . a second man was seriously injured in the brawl but his injures are not life threatening .
fungal spores from grilled fungi and bolete fungi found in her teeth . remains belong to a 35 to 40-year-old woman buried 18,700 years ago . her body was found in a grave in the el mirón cave in cantabria, spain .
japanese tourist, 48, used an eyeliner pencil to write her name and date . it is the second time in four weeks that italian police have charged a holidaymaker for defacing one of the country's top landmarks .
german chancellor demands new system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on population and economic strength . call comes as europe struggles with growing refugee crisis in the mediterranean . hundreds have died in recent days trying to get from africa to italy .
272 youngsters left disabled by foetal alcohol syndrome hospitalised in england . but actual number affected by their mother's drinking could be far greater . world health organisation suggests one in 100 babies could suffer .
crystal palace host sunderland in the premier league on saturday . alan pardew's side beat manchester city 2-1 on monday night . pardew is the first newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats .
luke shambrook, 11, was last seen at a campground in lake eildon, central victoria, on good friday morning . he wandered off and has not been seen since . a beanie was found on monday, west of the devil's cove and candlebark campsite in lake eildon - north-east of melbourne . police are unsure when the beanie was dropped as the search for luke continues .
mariel hemingway, 53, was just 16 years old when she starred in the controversial romantic-comedy 'manhattan' her grandfather, ernest hemingway, killed himself just months before she was born . out came the sun, aimed at adults, and invisible girl, written for teens, describe mariel’s journey of self-discovery and reveals the true stories of the hemingway family .
eben kaneshiro, 35, was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and three counts of first-degree sexual abuse involving a boy under the age of 12 . authorities believe kaneshiro hanged himself in his cell at deschutes county adult jail . kaneshiro had a black belt in brazilian jiu-jitsu .
the couple have been named as georgina rojas-medina, 41, and her common-law husband, gerardo tovar, 44 . neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couple’s 4-year-old daughter just after midnight on saturday . the 4-year-old who was present on scene at the time of the incident was not injured .
colin hendry was twice over the legal limit after a row with girlfriend sarah kinder . the 49-year-old was seen speeding through lytham st annes, lancashire . police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines . father-of-four must now travel around on his bike, blackpool magistrates' court heard .
richard howarth, 35, says he gets agitated when he sees ukip leader . says he has to change the channel or he becomes physically sick . phobia expert says it's possible to have a reaction to someone you disagree with .
leslie roy, 52, and lee marie wright, 56, from valley, nebraska, got stuck about three miles from crisp point lighthouse in luce county, michigan . they were visiting relatives in ishpeming, in another part of the peninsula, and were planning to head south april 11 . instead, they were entombed in snow on a remote used road with eight boxes of girl scout cookies and a bag of cheese puffs .
french trainer freddy head likens 2,000 guineas hope ride like the wind to charm spirit . the fifth-placed charm spirit landed three group one races in 2014 . ride like the wind won just one of his four starts last season .
jordan spieth returned to golf on tuesday after winning the masters . the 21-year-old tied tiger woods' masters record of 18-under 270 . spieth will play in the rbc heritage classic at sea pines resort .
this year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker’s most prestigious tournament at the crucible theatre . there is interest from china in hosting the event . but hearn has revealed he is close to extending deals with sheffield city council, and broadcast partner the bbc .
lewis hamilton took pole by four-tenths of a second from sebastian vettel . mercedes team-mate nico rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind hamilton . hamilton has got pole in every race this season and has been impressively quick in each race .
justin bettman caught the media's attention a few months ago when he began his 'set in the street' project . bettman would build sets that, in pictures, looked like the inside of a living room, child's bedroom, or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub . jose luis, who saw a feature on the photographer in new york magazine and sent him an email with an idea, wrote: 'i am not the richest man in the world. i am simply in love'
mark carney was spotted jogging in london's hyde park on a day off . he was wearing a high-tech running belt with no fewer than four water bottles . the keen runner is training for the london marathon later this month .
england ended the day in a strong position, but it's worth bearing in mind what happened in antigua in 2009 . england declared just before tea, leaving west indies a hefty target (503) but the home side’s lower order hung on . sulieman benn batting as high as nine and forced an unlikely draw .
luka modric sprained a knee ligament against malaga on saturday . gareth bale picked up an injury in the same game at the bernabeu . real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league on wednesday .
everton host southampton at goodison park (saturday 3pm) romelu lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem . darron gibson is a doubt but kevin mirallas and steven pienaar are back in contention .
manuel pellegrini should be given chance to 'correct things that have gone wrong', says gary neville . neville believes pellegrini should be given chance to 'complete the job' manchester city are fourth in the premier league table . jurgen klopp is available in the summer after leaving borussia dortmund .
barry lyttle, 33, has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence . he pleaded guilty earlier this month to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his brother patrick . patrick, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by barry in kings cross in sydney's inner-city on january 3 . patrick made a remarkable recovery at st vincent's hospital in sydney's inner-city on
the glasford school in illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the american red cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving . the staged event on thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police, fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene . in attendance at the event was an illini bluffs high school senior named moriah nau who wiped her tears away as she was embraced by her friend .
philippe coutinho is becoming liverpool's go-to man, says jamie carragher . coutinho starred for liverpool in their 2-0 win against newcastle united . liverpool sold luis suarez to barcelona for £75million during the summer .
angelo west, 41, approached boston police officer john moynihan, 34, after the car was pulled over during a gunfire investigation . west immediately jumps out of the car and shoots moynihan under the eye at close range . boston police commissioner william evans pointed out that he was firing 'under his arm' at the other cops . west was released from the hospital friday after weeks of recovery .
latasha gosling, 27, and her two daughters, janyaa, 4, and jenika, 8, and her son landen, 7, were discovered murdered early wednesday . steve o'shaughnessy, 23, was found dead just hours later after taking his own life in prince albert, canada . gosling's cousin said o'shaughnessy sent the bodies to the children's father, jason gosling, as a 'birthday gift' the day before his birthday .
cristina coria, a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child, helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband's custom-painted blue 2003 chevy stepside . in order to make it happen, the houston resident got a little help from facebook . coria arranged to meet the suspect with her husband at a gas station parking lot near i-45 .
omar hussain, 27, from high wycombe, became an isis jihadist in syria . he used to live at home with his mother and work as a security guard . now he has been writing advice about 'dealing' with wannabe jihadi brides .
the 53-second video, posted on youtube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in south gate on sunday . about 25 seconds into the clip, the woman is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her . following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy u.s. marshal - grabs her cell phone, throws it to the ground and then kicks it away in a fit of rage . as the man returns to his previous position, the
bayern munich were crowned bundesliga champions on sunday . wolfsburg went down to a 1-0 defeat at borussia monchengladbach . the result means bayern have taken the title for a record 25th time . pep guardiola has his 19th major honour as a coach and fifth league title .
ozzie the goose was close to being put down numerous times after breaking his leg . animal lover's appeal for help led to south african tech company stepping in . a 3d printer was used to manufacture the new limb for the goose .
lazio have won eight games in a row in serie a . they face league leaders juventus on saturday . stefano pioli says his side will go 'all out for victory' .
the three have been in jail since february 22 . "the judge made the decision to drop the case," their lawyer says .
syed viqaruddin 'asked police van to stop in deserted area for toilet break' but another of the prisoners 'tried to snatch rifle from policeman and escape' telangana state police head said: 'the police first warned them to stop and surrender, and when they did not listen, police opened fire'
vincent kompany has hit back at uefa’s financial fair play regulations . manchester city were last year deemed to have breached ffp regulations . the premier league champions were fined £50million and ordered to operate with a £49m transfer kitty this season .
hillary clinton’s security detail arrived at capitol fruit company in norwalk, iowa on tuesday with a visually identical gmc van . both armored vehicles have raised roofs, deep-tinted windows and new york license plates . while the original van – nicknamed 'scooby' after the scooby-doo cartoon show – sports a mustard-yellow new york tag, the second has blue and white plates of a different design .
princess diana's final wishes for disposal of her £21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online . in her will, diana’s butler paul burrell was bequeathed the sum of £50,000, free of inheritance tax . qadir ahmed runs the secure iron mountain facility in a leafy suburb of birmingham where rows upon rows of the documents are kept in temperature-controlled storage .
victim, 12, was walking in subway in newbury, berkshire, on easter monday . two boys - aged 12 to 13 - doused him in flammable wd40 before setting him alight . police are now hunting the pair following their threats in broad daylight .
the 47-year-old man from warwick, 150km south-west of brisbane, has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states . police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 . he allegedly took some of his victims to hotel rooms where he allegedly raped them . the man is accused of offering his victims money or using extortion to force them to send him indecent images .
tim howard joined everton in the community's powered wheelchair football team for a training session at croxteth sports centre . the toffees goalkeeper was provided with his own wheelchair . howard joined in with some short skills and shooting practice .
middlesbrough face norwich city in the premier league on friday . ben gibson, 22, is dreaming of a return to the premier league for his boyhood club . boro chairman steve gibson helped save the teessiders from liquidation in 1986 .
aydian ethan dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication's annual ultimate guy search . he would follow amputee noah galloway, who clinched the top spot last year . aydian, who transitioned in 2009, lives in oregon with his wife of three years jenilee .
luis enrique only took charge of barcelona last summer . barca president josep maria bartomeu refuted speculation . bartomeu says the club are 'very happy' with enrique's performance .
the phonesavanh family came to the settlement with habersham county, georgia late last month and announced it this week . bou bou suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the may incident . the settlement isn't enough to cover the continued medical care bou bou will require as he gets older .
briony ingerson has been widely criticised for posting a photo of herself and a friend in blackface make-up . the freelance presenter posted the image from an 'african-themed party' almost three months ago . ingerson said the costume was a light-hearted tribute to a friend who was working on network ten program 'i'm a celebrity...get me out of here!' on tuesday ingerson responded with a message on twitter, insisting she had not meant to be offensive .
raymond laing has spent the past three years behind bars . he was busted more than three times over the legal limit behind the wheel . laing has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving, and a further 31 times for driving while disqualified . before he was due to appear before the parole board last month, laing sent a letter to the board that said 'i am a high risk offender and danger to the community'
intruders broke into home in hatfield peverel, essex, and flooded kitchen . dumped the tv in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs . stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches, laptop and tablet . even stopped for toast - leaving bread and butter out on the sideboard . police described it as the worst case of 'mindless destruction' they have seen .
jordan spieth became the first player ever to reach 19 under par at augusta . the 21-year-old also became the second youngest champion behind tiger woods . a closing 70 left him four shots ahead of justin rose and phil mickelson .
ryan giggs, 41, has apologised to his brother rhodri, 38 . natasha giggs had an eight-year affair with ryan giggs in 2011 . ryan spent £150,000 trying to silence big brother star imogen thomas .
paula duncan, 62, reveals she attempted suicide aged 43 . daughter jessica orcsik was the one who found her . duncan is best known as the bubbly face of spray'n'wipe .
diego castro's header gave getafe a 1-1 draw in la liga on sunday . villarreal's mateo musacchio was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes to go . musacchio was taken to hospital with a broken left ankle .
police commandos waited hours for transport from nairobi to garissa . kenya's police air wing chief denies his unit caused any delay .
a couple from texas who celebrated their wedding in 2012 claim their photographer wrote hurtful racial slurs on the bottom of photo booth snapshots . attorney cathy hale hired attorney cathy hale to sue james evans the owner of premiere photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed, 'poor n***** party' on the bottom of the pictures . the couple wasn't alerted of the photos until many months after the wedding when the bride's sister told the family about the racist incident .
katherine hadsell says police in norfolk aren't doing enough to find 18-year-old college student anjelica 'aj' hadsell . police are searching a pond near carrsville, virginia, in an attempt to find the cell phone of hadsell, who was last seen march 2 . aj's stepfather wesley hadsell has found himself the focus of area police after he was caught allegedly breaking into a home two weeks after her disappearance .
christian tyrrell, 22, was arrested wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the march 19 death of 2-year-old adrian langlais, the son of his girlfriend jessica langlais . john winkler and laura martinez considered themselves adrian's grandparents, even though they weren't blood related to the little boy . martinez's stepson started dating langlais when she was six-months pregnant with adrian and they continued to babysit the toddler when the two eventually broke
three teenage vandals went on a rampage through la marina auto sales, michigan . they kicked off wing mirrors, destroyed headlights and smashed windscreens . owner freddy ali discovered carnage when he returned to work after easter break . he is offering a $1,000 reward for information leading to the arrest .
dustin johnson is best american and best european . paul casey is most likely to join rory mcilroy at augusta . adam scott has a great chance to become another australian winner .
"secret garden," "enchanted forest" and "balance" are among amazon's bestselling titles . adult coloring is a growing trend in the u.s., publisher says .
james creag, 11, suffers from the rare condition erythropoietic protoporphyria . it means he suffers from terrible sunburn when exposed to sunlight . he was given a special brown sunscreen which blocks out the light . but when strangers shouted out abuse, he refused to wear it any more .
the teenager from lahore in punjab province pakistan has been identified only as nuaman . he had just left a local shop when he was beaten and burnt with kerosene . the 14-year-old is now being treated at mayo hospital in lahore .
barclays shareholders vented frustration at generous pay packages . bank faced a barrage of criticism from long-suffering investors . chairman sir david walker defended decision to pay out £1.86bn in bonuses .
amol gupta, from manhattan, is suing zogsports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow, and injuring his spine . kickball is a popular schoolyard game similar to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats . according to court papers filed in gupta's lawsuit, the young professional joined the league in april 2013 .
video footage captured by rumble user sean c shows bourbon the doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose .
stacey johnson, 22, was diagnosed with a brain tumour in 2007 . her sister dannii, 20, was also diagnosed with a benign brain tumour . stacey has never been able to work since the diagnosis eight years ago . dannii has been stacey's full time carer since last year .
dani alves' barcelona contract runs out on june 30 . alves has been offered a two-year deal with an option of a third . manchester united are the prime suspects with psg out of the running .
francis coquelin has defended olivier giroud after criticism from thierry henry . henry said arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the premier league . giroud scored 14 premier league goals for arsenal this season .
pope francis is presiding over a good friday torchlight procession at the colosseum this evening . the pope has repeatedly lamented christian suffering in the middle east, africa and elsewhere . among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross were faithful from iraq, syria, nigeria, egypt and china . standing under a red canopy this evening francis listened to prayers affirming the right of religious freedom .
ronald williams, 21, and a 15-year-old have been charged with assault . the beating may have been sparked by a question about the michael brown shooting .
luke brett moore, 27, was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception in goulburn district court . the goulburn man opened a freedom saving account with st george bank in 2010 . he was able to overdraw $2.189 million over three years . his haul included a maserati, an alfa romeo, a power boat, a michael jackson autograph, a signed photograph of the top gear hosts and
sydneysiders missed out on saturday night's total lunar eclipse due to wet and cloudy weather . melbourne and adelaide residents had a spectacular view of the 'blood moon' as it lit up the sky . the sydney observatory said the short lunar began at 10.58pm (aedt) and finished at 11.03pm . brisbane, darwin, canberra and hobart residents were also predicted to miss out due to poor weather conditions .
anthony clark reed was pulled over in detroit, michigan, on monday night . the 24-year-old was handcuffed, despite complaining he had trouble breathing . he suffered a fatal heart attack and was searching for his inhaler . his father, pastor kevin clark, is planning to sue police for their role in his son's death .
traffic began to build up on the m58 around switch island in merseyside . a silver mercedes attempted to sail up the inside lane to avoid waiting . but a renault driver pulled into the inside lane to block the mercedes . he tries to overtake and undertake the renault in an attempt to get past . the mercedes then swerves around the lane blocking the vehicle from passing .
jimmy anderson bowled just four overs on day two of first test in antigua . anderson needed four wickets to overtake sir ian botham's 383 test wickets . chris jordan believes the anderson family celebration party is 'just around the corner'
doug wilson, 93, and lillian kerr wilson, 89, passed away just two minutes apart from each other on tuesday . both lillian and bill were alzheimer's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes . lillian resided at richmond place in lexington, while bill stayed at the thomson-hood veterans center in wilmore .
a complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a louisiana branch of burger king quickly turned ugly when the employee started cursing at the customer . 'baby, you're about to get it,' the employee is heard saying . the customer then asked for a refund, but the exchange quickly descended into a heated argument .
geoff barrow said his band portishead were paid £1,700 despite 34million plays . he said he was not opposed to streaming, but wants musicians to be paid more . he said: 'you used to write a piece of music and people paid you to listen to it' but he added: 'younger artists who just want to play rock and roll, by the time they get to a major label, all their rights will have been sold away'
a federal jury convicted dzhokhar tsarnaev of 30 charges related to the 2013 boston marathon bombings . aaron carroll: the outcome of this first phase of the trial has held boston and the region in thrall .
millie elia, an eighth-grade student from oak mountain, alabama, died following the accident at mount cheaha state park around 4.40pm on saturday . she had been rappelling with her family and a friend when she fell .
judith russell's daughter katherine married tamerlan tsarnaev, one of the two mass murderers who set of bombs at the 2013 boston marathon . she took to the stand today to tell how her daughter converted to islam by her husband . her words came as jurors decide whether tamerlan's brother, dzhokhar tsarnaev, 21, should be put to death after being convicted of a host of crimes in connection with the massacre . defense lawyers for dzhok
kim scott asked mourners to 'show their support' for her sister, stephanie . ms scott's body was found by police in cocoparra national park, north of griffith, nsw, on april 10 . her funeral will be held at the venue intended for her wedding . vincent stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder .
karim benzema has scored 20 goals in all competitions this season . real madrid face granada at the bernabeu on sunday . benzema shared a video of him singing to tupac's 'check out time' .
sam schmidt, a quadriplegic, former indy racing league driver got a chance to drive on the long beach grand prix road course sunday thanks to the creators of a modified 2014 corvette c7 stingray . when schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in 2000, his team thought he would never walk, let alone drive again . schmidt completed the difficult task with the help of a semi-autonomous motorcar, or sam car .
dr warren weinstein was killed alongside giovanni lo porto in january . he was killed during an anti-terrorist strike on the afghanistan-pakistan border . it has now been claimed that his family gave money to his kidnappers . it has also been claimed he was used as a shield to protect a senior al qaeda operative while in captivity .
change4life is being run by public health england to address obesity crisis . apricot bread pudding has more sugar than a snickers bar, which has 27g . banana and apricot bagel has more sugar than a bowl of frosties .
trevor noah and dani gabriel 'split a few months ago but are still friends' noah has known gabriel for at least four years and it's believed they began dating early in 2014 . the comedian quickly became smitten with the beautiful brunette and took her around the world to be by his side while on tour .
conor mcgregor says he would 'kill' floyd mayweather in less than 30 seconds . mcgregor is preparing for his world title fight against jose aldo in july . mayweather is in training for his $300m mega-fight against manny pacquiao .
immerse is available from firebox for £29.95 ($45) it works with any android and ios phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores, and will play any 3d movie . the maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches (8.2 x 15.4cm) immerse is fitted with an earphone slot to truly immerse the wearer in whatever they are watching and has adjustable head straps and lenses . other features include 360° head tracking and an 'ultra-wide field of view'
university of cape town students took to social media to demand cecil rhodes' statue come down . students say his legacy is tainted with racism . rhodes' statue was first unveiled in 1934 at the university of cape town .
siem de jong suffered a collapsed lung in february and it was feared he would miss the remainder of the current campaign . the £6million attacking midfielder has started just one premier league game since arriving from ajax . de jong will feature for newcastle's reserve side against derby county on wednesday .
louis jordan, 37, was rescued 200 miles off the north carolina coast . he claimed he survived by eating fish caught by trailing dirty clothes . but doubters say he looked well-fed, with pale, unblemished skin .
sid ahmed ghlam, 24, arrested in 13th arrondissement on sunday . dna evidence also reportedly links him to murder of aurelie chatelain, 33 . mother was riddled with bullets as she sat in car in paris suburb of villejuif . ghlam had shot himself in leg before arrest by anti-terrorist officers . he was preparing to attack churches in paris on orders, police said .
cardinal francis george, a chicago native, died friday at age 78, of kidney cancer . george led the nation's third-largest archdiocese and was known as a vigorous defender of roman catholic orthodoxy . seattle archbishop j. peter sartain delivered the homily at a packed funeral mass at chicago's holy name cathedral .
the converted four-bedroom home on lawrenny court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion homeden . around 25 years ago, the distinctive toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today . the conversion took place at the same time homeden was being tuned into a block of flats . it provided the owners with a unique opportunity to buy some of the original features of the mansion and transfer them into the 740 square-metre garage residence .
zara phillips was due to make her debut in the rolex kentucky three-day event . the queen's granddaughter had travelled to the united states with her london 2012 and 2014 world equestrian games team silver medal-winning ride high kingdom . but high kingdom kicked out and suffered a cut leg . phillips withdrew before her scheduled dressage test at kentucky horse park .
artist megumi igarashi was first arrested in july, but was freed several days later following a legal appeal . she was arrested again in december, on three counts of distributing 'obscene' data -- namely cd-roms containing code for a 3d printer . she could face up to two years in jail if convicted of obscenity .
passengers of an icelandair flight from reykjavik, iceland, to denver, colorado on tuesday were left in a bit of shock after their plane was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff . it wasn't until after landing that passengers and crew were aware of a gaping hole in the nose of the plane . the hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed . the plane landed safely in denver and no one was injured .
rebel fighter ahmed shaheed, 28, bought a tiger cub while fighting in syria . the extravagant purchase will remain with its mother until it is old enough to become shaheed's pet . the news comes just a month after shaheed revealed on social media that he was looking to buy an exotic pet to keep him company .
rspca south australia released shocking images of a pet owner's squalor living conditions in adelaide . the owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats . the rspca seized the owner's cats in september and requested to have them all surrendered in their care . the owner was granted to have two of his cats returned under the rspca's supervision .
thomas bjorn's shot landed in the lap of a female fan during the first round . american russell henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second masters . bubba watson fought back with a solid 71 to keep him in the hunt .
the male pilot was killed in the crash on autobahn 28 near hatten, oldenburg . three passengers have been taken to a nearby hospital, according to police . the small plane crash-landed between a wildlife fence and a guardrail .
karen bell, 42, met man on dating website plenty of fish . the pair exchanged flirty texts before meeting up to act out their fantasy . she threatened to post footage online unless he paid her £25 . she later increased demands, claiming son had secretly filmed their tryst . bell has been jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to blackmail .
yellowstone's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought, say scientists . most of it is in a newly discovered magma reservoir . the discovery may help scientists better understand why yellowstone's previous eruptions were some of earth's largest explosions in the last few million years .
professor ninian peckitt, 63, was attempting to fix a broken cheekbone . he hit the patient ten times while a colleague held his head, a hearing heard . prof peckitt claimed he 'digitally manipulated' the patient's face . he denied any wrongdoing but was 'erased' from the medical register .
jackson byrnes, 18, has flown from lismore to sydney for a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain . renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo is the only surgeon in australia willing to perform the operation . his family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront by tuesday night . jackson's mother says the family needs an additional $45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees .
18-carat gold rectangular piece was a gift to lord uxbridge . uxbridge lost his leg to a cannonball at the battle of waterloo . his leg was buried near the battlefield but later dug up and used as a tourist attraction .
clinton n'jie gave lyon the lead before lindsay rose was sent off . romain hamouma put st-etienne ahead at the stade de gerland on sunday . christophe jallet equalised from the spot to secure a 2-2 draw . lille kept fourth place in sight with a 2-0 win over bordeaux .
the lockdown was lifted about 3:50 p.m. et and pedestrian traffic was allowed . an unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the capitol and shot himself . there was "no nexus to terrorism" apparent so far in this incident, capitol police chief says .
joshua sweet, 20, broke into the victim's home and sexually assaulted her . judge mary stacey admitted the victim had been 'scarred psychologically' but sweet, from birmingham, was freed after serving just two months on remand .
kenneth wanamaker jr, 37, of northhampton county, pennsylvania, pleaded guilty to reckless endangerment on friday . a dentist testified that the girl's teeth were in such bad shape they posed a potentially fatal threat to her health . fourteen of the girl's 20 teeth were either abscessed, and two more needed to be pulled or had severe root and tooth decay .
pupils applying to cambridge university may have to take test next year . university said recent changes to exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit . labour party has pledged to halt the changes and retain as-levels .
monaco lost 1-0 to juventus in champions league on tuesday . ricardo carvalho awarded spot kick after alvaro morata got clear . referee pavel kralovec pointed to the spot while carvalho was booked . monaco boss leonardo jardim described the decision as a 'huge injustice' .
annegret raunigk, 65, from berlin, will give birth to four babies in weeks . she is in 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated . the identity of the babies' father is unknown .
kilcoy state school in north brisbane is working with queensland health after a whooping cough outbreak . 19 children attending a primary school contracted the potentially deadly disease . infectious diseases expert professor matthew cooper attributed the outbreak to an anti-vaccination trend . there are about 1200 cases of whooping cough every year in queensland .
mohammed dahbi ordered kassie thornton and christy spitzer to stop kissing . he warned that if they ignored his request he would throw them out . when they got out, dahbi also called them 'b*****', 'c****' and 'whores' . but judge disagreed and ordered him to pay $10,000 fine and $5,000 fine .
a new york jury will deliberate friday over a possible verdict against pedro hernandez . hernandez confessed to killing etan patz in 1979 . his lawyer has said he is severely mentally ill and unable to discern whether he committed the crime .
rory mcilroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career grand slam at augusta . the northern irishman is ranked 111th in the world at present . tiger woods is ranked 111th in the world at present . mcilroy is targeting the united states open and st andrews for the open .
michael and rosalia juskin had a 'history of domestic issues' prosecutor john l. molinelli said the couple had a 'history of domestic issues' but a motive for the apparent murder-suicide on sunday night had not yet been determined . a relative, who was not inside the home at the time of the killings, discovered the bodies monday morning and called police .
amy wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit . but she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner . she was ordered to pay back a total of £17,604 that she claimed over two years . admitted two charges of dishonestly making false representations .
mercedes-benz fashion week australia 2015 ended in sydney on thursday night with a spectacular finale show by johanna johnson . the glamorous hollywood-inspired collection, 'sirens' call', featured mirrored embellishments, fringing, and feathers .
poppy moore wed childhood sweetheart sam myers at chelsea register office . the 23-year-old hosted a reception for 50 at the mayfair hotel . she wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses .
sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at augusta national . billy joe patton's hole-in-one in 1954 cost him the masters title . seve ballesteros hit a 205-yard 2-iron on the fourth hole in 1983 .
acetaminophen, the main ingredient in tylenol and more than 600 other medicines, reduces pain and pleasure . the study found that acetaminophen also blunted joy -- in other words, it narrowed the range of feelings experienced . "rather than just being a pain reliever, acetaminophen can be seen as an all-purpose emotion reliever," researcher says .
barcelona want limited departures this summer because they can’t sign players until january . real madrid want to blood young players out on loan at higher leagues . martin odegaard is expected to go out on loan from real to gain experience . pedro, david de gea and iker casillas could leave barcelona this summer .
castle toward, near dunoon, was commissioned as hms brontosaurus in 1942 . soldiers practised beach landings, jumping from landing craft and clambering up beach in preparation for 1944 d-day landings . training was so realistic and demanding that many servicemen were killed in accidents .
glenn murray put crystal palace 1-0 up against manchester city on monday . the striker scored a hat-trick against world cup winner gerard pique . pique once conceded three against murray in a reserve match in 2005 . murray boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in europe's top five leagues .
the unnamed 13-year-old from medina, ohio, gave out $100 notes in the classroom before going to a friend's house after school, where he also showered adults with cash . the group of friends went on a shopping spree after the mass giveaway, which began last wednesday .
the supreme court will hear the issue of same-sex marriage on tuesday . justices practice politics as much as law, and that will be clearer than ever .
haley fox, 24, of turner, oregon, allegedly fractured 26-year-old samuel campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last wednesday . fox and campbell, of adger, alabama, had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online .
louis van gaal was at wing's restaurant with manchester city women's players toni duggan and isobel christiansen . the pair were joined by everton's michelle hinnigan . duggan later deleted the post and issued an apology on facebook .
melissa klein and her husband aaron refused to make rachel bowman-cryer and her wife laurel a wedding cake after learning they were lesbians in january 2013 . the kleins were able to raise more than $100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating gofundme's terms of service . the bakery must pay up to $150,000 and the judge's friday decision of $135,000 will be approved or amended by state labor commissioner brad avakian .
french artist vincent lamouroux has painted the entire motel a dazzling white . the project, named 'projections', became a hit with passers-by who stopped to take photos . mr lamouroux used an environmentally friendly limewash to coat the so-called bates motel .
henri morris, 67, drugged a female employee in order to take naked photos . the married software executive was caught in an fbi sting in 2012 . he was sentenced to 10 years in prison without the possibility of parole .
just one crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off . a lindt bunny containing 540 calories will take an hour of rowing to work off . a 90g packet of mini eggs contains 444 calories .
business leaders voiced concerns over 'disastrous' tory campaign . expressed concerns over negative tactics employed ahead of general election . they believe negative tactics have done little to discredit ed miliband . mr cameron is now bookies' favourite to be next prime minister .
the curious canine kitchen opens in shoreditch, london, on 11-12 april . foodie fidos will be treated to a five-course drinks-paired set menu . menu devised by event organiser natty mason who worked with whole foods chef emily stevenson .
sophie thomas wore the shirt for class photo day at clermont northeastern middle school in batavia, ohio . when the students got their class photos this week, she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with photoshop . school principal kendra young said the decision was made to 'prevent any unintended controversies'
iain duncan smith said ed miliband was standing on 'most left-wing platform since michael foot' he set out powerful moral case for party's policies, which have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work . mr duncan smith called on fellow tories to 'bang the drum' in next fortnight to champion government's achievements .
dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves . the women filled in a notebook each, and handed it back to dove . unbeknown to the women, those criticisms and negative remarks were turned into a script .
gran canaria is just four hours from the uk, making it one of the most easily reached locations for guaranteed winter sun . in 1996 a us academic concluded that it enjoyed the best climate in the world . the alfredo kraus auditorium was built in the 1990s as a ‘theatre of the ocean’, set on a pedestal of volcanic stone .
human harvest: china's organ trafficking charted an eight year investigation into what is said to be a multi-billion pound 'organs-on-demand' transplant programme . red cross estimates there are only 37 registered organ donors in china . human rights lawyer david matas claims political prisoners make up the huge difference in the figures .
bridesmaids star expressed his frustration with staff at gatwick airport . the 35-year-old actor posted the tweet on his verified twitter account . he ended the tweet with the hashtag ‘#scarybaby’ .
celtic face inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . the scottish league cup winners are eight points clear of aberdeen . ronny deila believes celtic provide the biggest hurdle to their treble hopes .
victor agbafe, 17, is a student at cape fear academy in wilmington, north carolina . he could go to stanford or duke because he got into 14 schools in all . credits his mother, a nigerian immigrant and physician, for setting a good example .
kevin pietersen has been named in surrey's 13-man squad for oxford university . surrey play oxford university at the parks on sunday . pietersen has not played twenty20 cricket since being axed by england .
david templeton has praised the impact of new rangers boss stuart mccall . the ibrox winger says that mccall's training methods are superior . templeton believes that ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall's training methods were lacking under the previous management . rangers host hearts at the ibrox stadium on saturday .
in the united states, almost 42 million adults have been married more than once . john sutter talks to millennials about the marriage apocalypse .
landon carnie and his twin sister lorie were thought to have died in the first flight of operation babylift on april 4, 1975 . the 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy more than a day after the crash and later taken to their adoptive parents in the u.s. who had earlier been told they were dead . landon is thought to be the first child survivor to return to the countryside on the outskirts of ho chi minh city .
streaming music service spotify identified the average age of midlife crises at 42 . users aged 42 drop their usual playlists in favour of today's chart toppers . spotify and rivals in streaming music world are working to understand listeners' tastes so they can make better recommendations for them .
william melendez, 49, is charged with assault and mistreatment of a prisoner . floyd dent, 57, was bloodied during a traffic stop in inkster, michigan . melendez pleaded not guilty to the new charges brought against him in an arraignment tuesday .
marissa holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held up at popeyes in channelview, texas, on march 31 . a man armed with a handgun and his face concealed with a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter, forcing holcomb to empty the till . however afterwards, holcomb was given an ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job . popeyes said holcomb was fired for having too much money in the register .
kevin pietersen's agents have helped him outplay the ecb without any help from outside experts . pietersen's camp have scored a comprehensive win in the pr battle with the england and wales cricket board . agent adam wheatley insists everything has been done in-house since the involvement of former sun editor david yelland during kp's supposed reintegration into the england team in 2012 .
mother tried to open door when keys to range rover were locked inside . eight-month-old boy was stuck in car alone as temperatures hit almost 23c . kingston police officer pc resteghini smashed window with baton to save baby . incident occurred at st james's park in south-west london at lunchtime . second hottest day of the year so far beaten only by today's 24c .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on saturday night . the mgm grand hotel will host the biggest boxing contest ever . a convoy of trucks is already delivering the first consignments of half a million bottles of budweiser, miller lite, corona and tecate . the hotel expects 50,000 people each day to pass through for friday's weigh-in and saturday's fight .
scottish nationalists threaten to paralyse the uk government by blocking ‘any bit of spending’ they do not agree with . threat came as angela eagle, labour’s shadow leader of the commons, revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung parliament . but the snp, forecast to hold the balance of power with 50 or more mps, suggested it would hold ed miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the trident nuclear defence programme .
real madrid defender daniel carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards mario mandzukic's arm in an off-the-ball scrap on tuesday . mandzukic was left bleeding after a clash with real's sergio ramos . atletico madrid travel to galicia to face deportivo on saturday .
st. louis blues forward ryan reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked face-first into the glass by chicago blackhawks defenseman brent seabrook . it is unknown as to what period the check occurred in or if reaves returned to the ice, one tooth lighter . reaves and the rest of the blues beat the blackhawks 2-1 on sunday, moving the team a point ahead of nashville for the central division lead .
rilie carey, from salem, oregon, learnt nursery rhyme at preschool . halfway through dinner she decided to perform it for her mom, jessica . she starts by singing: 'four little ducks went out to play, over the hills and far away' but as rhyme continues - and number of ducks returning decreases - her eyes begin to fill with tears .
the video was shot on a hot day in bali, indonesia . a tour guide squirts water at the primate from a hole in a water bottle . the monkey takes its time before attempting to quench its thirst .
methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the u.s. virgin islands . authorities are trying to piece together what happened at the sirenusa resort on st. john .
kyle kandrick was suspended from the maaco auto body shop in hagerstown, maryland after ella may rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on facebook . in the voicemail, kandrick said: 'i was just personally attacked by your wife on facebook, and i don't appreciate it at all, pal' .
tiger woods was spotted dancing on monday at augusta national . former world no 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music . woods embraced miguel angel jimenez on wednesday morning .
sandra mackey was an undercover reporter in saudi arabia . she smuggled her stories out of the country to get around saudi arabia's prohibition on foreign journalists .
labour leader pledges to 'abolish' 200-year-old rule for non-doms . non-dom status allows people living and working in britain to only pay tax on their uk income, but not earnings from overseas . but miliband argues non-dom tests 'are not very rigorous' and can be granted to people who have a burial plot or property abroad .
ron vlaar is out of contract at aston villa in the summer . the dutch defender has struggled with a calf injury this season . tim sherwood has urged vlaar to prove his worth as villa aim to stay up .
sir bradley wiggins will ride for his eponymous team at tour de yorkshire . wiggins left team sky after paris-roubaix on april 12 . tour de yorkshire begins in bridlington and finishes in leeds .
stuart dallas scored twice as brentford beat fulham 4-1 on good friday . the 23-year-old spent three months on loan at northampton . mark warburton says dallas has come a long way since signing him .
isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi has been seriously injured in an air strike . source said he was wounded by an attack from the us-led coalition . he was travelling in a three-car convoy in march in nineveh, iraq . at first his chances of survival were deemed to be low, but he pulled through . however, his inner circle reportedly mooted the idea of naming a new leader .
lotatoa 'lota' ward, from layton, utah, was diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor in october 2014 . he had already run several half marathons and raised $1,700 for two of his friends who suffer from spinal muscular atrophy . lota underwent his fourth brain surgery on wednesday, april 1 .
alex elenes went on a trip of a lifetime to see the amazon rainforest . his cousin roxy de la rosa posted the pictures on reddit . the sleeper missed a pink dolphin watching tour and piranha fishing .
the collector’s paradise in horfield, bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years . comes complete with the original bathroom and kitchen, wood-panelled hallway and vintage cupboards . the semi-detached property has a guide price of between £200,000 and £250,000 .
moors murderer ian brady wrote letters from his bed at ashworth psychiatric hospital . the 77-year-old was jailed for life in 1966 for torturing and killing five children . he wrote in december that he is 'bedridden and worsening' after breaking hip . brady, who has to use a zimmer frame, said dimbleby is an 'establishment dumpling' .
ronald koeman admits morgan schneiderlin may have played his last game . schneiderlin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury . tottenham are weighing up a bid for the french midfielder .
us department of the treasury insist the $20 double eagles were stolen from the us mint in philadelphia before the 1933 series was melted down . they argued that joan langbord and her sons cannot lawfully own the coins, which she said she found in a family bank deposit box in 2003 . a jury in 2012 sided with the government but the appeals court returned the coins because us officials had not responded within a 90-day limit to the family's seized-property claim .
pope francis uses the term "genocide" to refer to the mass killings of armenians . turkey recalls its ambassador to the vatican for "consultations"
the masters is one of few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices . lee westwood nearly got off to the perfect start with a shot at the par-five second . padraig harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months . gary player is fit as a flea after joining jack nicklaus and arnold palmer as an honorary starter .
brian williams 'lied 11 times about being on a military helicopter hit by an rpg over iraq' he was suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing, false story . further scrutiny of his record turned up questionable claims, including dodging rocket fire over israel and seeing a body floating through new orleans during hurricane katrina . nbcuniversal ceo steve burke was updated on the investigation on thursday .
kenneth morgan stancil iii is charged with first-degree murder in the death of a college employee . he snapped back at a judge after he was offered a court-appointed lawyer .
hillary clinton has garnered one of her first major endorsements: the nation's largest lesbian political action committee . the group, lpac, launched lesbians4hillary on monday to support the former first lady's bid to become the nation's first female president . king, who was outed as a lesbian in 1981, was a leader of the group 'women for hillary' in 2008, as well .
kristina schake, 45, reportedly behind drive to get hillary clinton elected . former white house aide helped first lady's image into all-american 'everywoman' ms schake has worked as chief communications officer at l'oreal usa for past two years . she has been brought on to mrs clinton's 2016 communications team . will attempt to turn 67-year-old politician into softer, more accessible one .
alessandro matri opened the scoring for juventus in the 21st minute . roberto pereyra doubled the lead in the 44th minute . leonardo bonucci completed the rout with his third goal of the night . fiorentina were without key trio carlos tevez, paul pogba and andrea pirlo .
david lammy said snp was a party labour could 'do business with' in hung parliament . admission comes amid stark warnings from tories that snp will hold labour to 'ransom' if it holds balance of power . miliband has ruled out joining a formal coalition with the snp .
steven gerrard could feature for liverpool in the fa cup final on may 30 . gerrard was suspended following his red card against manchester united . philippe coutinho scored the only goal of the game for liverpool .
abc has asked big bang theory co-creator bill prady to mastermind the revival, which would see the return of kermit the frog, miss piggy, fozzie bear and other old favorites . filming is due to take place next weekend at a disney studio in burbank, california .
robert 'bob' burns jr, 64, died late friday in a single-vehicle crash near cartersville, georgia . burns' vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve, striking a mailbox and a tree . cartersville is about a two hour drive away from where duane allman died in a 1971 motorcycle crash .
nursultan nazarbayev, a 74-year-old former steel worker, has won another five year term . kazakh television showed a triumphant nazarbayev walking on a red carpet . he said it would have been 'undemocratic' for him to make his victory more modest .
the cases have all occurred in nigeria's ondo state since april 13 . symptoms include headaches, blurred vision, loss of sight and unconsciousness .
periscope, twitter's new iphone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio to the internet, launched a week ago today . there are already a concerning number of users reporting that they have been sexually harassed, or trolled, while using the technology . app developer justin esgar is warning parents about the app's various 'land mines' and insists that they need to monitor their child's use .
hillary clinton's mystery van, an armored chevy van, stopped in iowa on tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle . unlike on monday when hillary stopped at an ohio chipotle for lunch, she popped into a coffee house in le claire, iowa, for a cup of joe - and of tea . at tuesday's stop people actually recognized her .
luigi costa, 71, is accused of killing his elderly neighbour terrence freebody . he allegedly stomped on freebody's head, cut his throat and stabbed him . forensic psychiatrist professor paul mullen examined costa after the attack . he believes his mood fluctuated from 'moment to moment' during the incident . costa's state of mind is critical to the case, as the jury can return a not guilty verdict if costa's unstable mindset at the time of the attack can be proven .
ohio university took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman's behind on march 21 . the married father-of-two was also accused of grabbing a 'woman's head and moving it toward your crotch' a source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave . at least 50 people reportedly saw the coach out of control before being escorted out of the bar .
claire, 44, gave birth to son jaxton in september and has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure . has now enlisted the help of susan hepburn, who famously helped lily allen slim form a size 14 to an 8 .
earthquakes are a fact of life in nepal, geologist kate ravilious says . quake centered less than 50 miles from kathmandu left more than 1,400 dead .
john avlon: koch industries' ban on background checks is a step forward . avlon: hiring practices that open up work opportunities for people with convictions .
huw davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for 13 years . he graduated from university of glamorgan in 2002 with a bsc (hons) also has three a-levels and 10 gcses on his cv . all the jobs have been on short, fixed-term contracts .
manchester united scouts checked on porto striker jackson martinez last week . the 28-year-old wants to leave portugal this summer for around £30million . martinez scored in porto's champions league semi final win over bayern munich .
dereck chisora is being lined up for a summer comeback against david price . chisora has not boxed since he was stopped by tyson fury in november . the fight was a final eliminator for a shot at wladimir klitschko's wbo title .
cody wandered into a bog in belvedere, south-east london . animal rescue experts spent more than an hour rescuing him .
pope francis spoke at the end of easter mass . he asked that bloodshed end in iraq and syria and that humanitarian aid get to those in need .
alondra luna nunez was mistakenly flown to texas on april 16 after a judge in the western state of michoacan ruled in favor of a houston woman who believed she was her daughter . she was returned to her family in mexico on wednesday after dna testing in the u.s. showed she was not the long-missing daughter of houston resident dorotea garcia .
mauricio pochettino believes europa league participation could hamper tottenham's top four hopes . spurs have struggled to qualify for the champions league this season . pochettino has revealed hugo lloris and kyle walker are major doubts .
hundreds of protesters gathered in new york city on tuesday night to march against police brutality . the march was organized by national actions to stop murder by police . many of the protesters cited the deaths of eric garner in staten island and walter scott in south carolina . the protesters marched from manhattan's union square and across the brooklyn bridge where they partially blocked traffic .
conrad clitheroe, 54, is in a cell with friends gary cooper and neil munro . mrs clitheroe says he has run out of a blood pressure medication . she claims guards 'don't care' about his condition .
chelsea host manchester united in the premier league on saturday . gary cahill has won four cups with chelsea since joining in 2012 . cahill believes chelsea learned a lot from last season in the league .
george ford, dave attwood, jonathan joseph and anthony watson all return to the scene of england’s six nations defeat at the aviva stadium last month . bath head coach mike ford feels that setback could prove beneficial in their champions cup quarter-final against leinster .
scott keyes, a 28-year-old writer for think progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights . he will be stopping by 13 countries along the way in europe, south and north america . he will also stop by dallas, fort worth, mexico city, panama city and dusseldorf, germany .
geoff johnson, 37, and his sister jennifer, 37, left their mother's home in omaha, nebraska, in 1993 . they were inspired to create a moving photo-series with their own children to document the uneasy feeling of being a hoarder's child . geoff superimposed images of his son and jennifer's daughter onto images of the trash-ridden home .
rory mcilroy and tiger woods have been spotted at augusta this week . woods has been plagued by obstacles, like tree roots . he hit a root at full pelt on his follow through on the ninth hole . woods did not find a solitary preferred landing area until the 13th, when he was rewarded with an eagle .
the 68-year-old pulaski county resident, who was known as terrill wayne newman until tuesday, doesn't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will 'warm galbraith's grave' his predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema, gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana . the newly-christened galbraith filed paperwork on wednesday to run as an independent for the state's highest office .
yemeni rebels have seized president abedrabbo mansour hadi's palace . security officials said member of al-qaeda stormed a prison in southeast yemen . they freed more than 300 inmates, including one of their leaders khalid batarfi . two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes, an official said .
kaitlyn granado, 24, is a teacher at macarthur high school in irving, texas . she was arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student, and was released on bail . now she has been arrested again after another pupil, also aged 15, accused her of having sex with him on two consecutive nights in january this year . the abuse came to light after a school police officer learned of a possible relationship between granado and one of the pupils last month .
nashville's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals . david frum says sterilization is linked to the "eugenics" movement .
five young feminists are freed from a haidian detention center near beijing . they had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation . "i'm still speechless and don't know how to react," their girlfriend tweets .
service, called 'project fi,' debuted today, about two months after google revealed its plans to expand its ever-growing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones . google is selling the basic phone service for $20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month, instead of a flat rate . each gigabyte of data will cost $10 a month, meaning a customer could sign up for a plan offering three gigabytes of data and get $20 back if only one gigabyte was used in a month .
queen letizia, along with her husband king felipe, met with the relatives of some of the spaniards who died in the crash . the memorial service, which took the form of a catholic mass, was led by llu ⁇ s mart ⁇ nez sistach, the current archbishop of catalonia . letizia shook hands and even embraced the families of some of those who died at barcelona's landmark sagrada familia basilica .
hillary clinton has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in brooklyn, new york – the epicenter of hipster culture . the 19-story mini-skyscraper will feature hillary staffers rubbing elbows with a federal prosecutor and morgan stanley 1-percenters . clinton chief of staff huma abedin has been spotted walking around the neighborhood and touring the building .
the image was taken at sebastian inlet state park near vero beach . john bailey said the bobcat collected the shark after entering the water . however, bailey said the bobcat may have been scared by his presence .
benjamin astbury, from buckley, north wales, was born 12 weeks early . he weighed just 1lb 30z, little more than a bag of sugar, and suffered five cardiac arrests . he was born with a bowel problem requiring two emergency operations . at one point he had such severe breathing problems he was put into a paralysed state for six days while doctors tried to save his life . but he battled on and is about to celebrate his first birthday .
sadie was filmed at home in alberta, canada, switching on an electric keyboard with her nose . footage shows her plonking her front paws down along the keyboard . after a 20-second rendition, she decides she's had enough and turns around to take a bow .
janet brown was battered to death at her family home in radnage, buckinghamshire . 51-year-old's naked body was found at the bottom of the stairs on april 10, 1995 . detectives believe new dna evidence could help solve the cold-case murder . mrs brown's two daughters described her as a 'kind and loving nurse' .
rangers host hearts at ibrox in the play-offs on sunday . the edinburgh club have won three league visits to ibrox this season . rangers boss stuart mccall wants to win one visit from an edinburgh club .
kabul's population is five times what it was when nato arrived in afghanistan . the violence in the provinces means people swell it further still . the u.s. embassy and nato declined to comment for this story .
andy burnham said labour would legislate to enforce premier league pledge . the move could unlock £400 million to nurture the next generation of stars . burnham accused cameron of failing to get tough on the league .
bernard 'barry' freundel, 63, was arrested in october for spying on dozens of women who changed in their synagogue's ritual bathroom . his wife sharon freundel gave a speech on march 22 at a maryland jewish school about how to respond to traumatic experiences . 'as you all know, i've become an expert in ptsd,' mrs freundel said .
fighters from 100 nations – more than half the countries in the world – have joined militant groups such as al qaeda and islamic state . worryingly, the report warned if is was defeated in the war-torn region then the barbarous foreign fighters could be scattered across the world . syria and iraq were by far the biggest destinations, with over 20,000 foreign fighters travelling to the region to fight for mainly is but also the al-nusra front .
a detective from the department said officers used a device called hailstorm, which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away . the details, revealed in court, resemble the original plot of hbo’s hit series the wire, which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers . baltimore police detective emmanuel cabreja said the department is under orders by the us government to withhold evidence from criminal trials .
ryan heritage, 18, posted obnoxious message on trowbridge police's facebook page . said: 'oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!!!' spotted by police who chased him on foot before finally grabbing him . magistrates charged him with theft and failing to answer bail .
circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by albert einstein in his theory of relativity . einstein's theory predicts that the gravitational effects of the nearer galaxy will bend the light of the more distant one .
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix to extend his championship lead . mercedes team-mate nico rosberg finished second in shanghai . hamilton claimed his second win of the season and his fourth in china .
experts predict economy will have grown by 0.5% in first three months of 2015 . this is down from 0.9% in the same period in 2014, latest figures show . tories step up warnings about the risk to the economy if labour wins election .
jermaine kellman, 29, marvin sempler, 30, clinton jackson, 25, and darren lewis, 34, targeted the couple in their 80s after they were tipped off that money was kept in their home . verna fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 july last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves . she tried to cry out for help but lewis had his hand clasped over her mouth while demanding money, the old 
michael slager is charged with murder in the death of walter scott, 50 . two pieces of audio from the immediate aftermath of the shooting emerge .
michelle newman said she heard a 'pop' and saw her son james' heels . the two-year-old toppled out of a window propped open to let in the breeze . ms newman visited james' grave on the ninth anniversary of his death . she hopes by sharing her story other parents will safety proof their homes .
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates on saturday afternoon . the blues were led by john terry and led by gary cahill . arsenal conceded 33 premier league goals during the 1998-99 season .
manchester city won the premier league last season with one game to play . sergio aguero's injury time winner against qpr in 2012 sank chelsea . alan pardew has refused to rule city out of the title race .
a study of four major discount retailers in the united states found that 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern' australian author and ceo of the australian college of environmental studies said the chemicals in these products are easily absorbed through ingestion and skin . the ecology centre said the chemicals in these products are easily absorbed through ingestion and skin .
research from the nasuwt union shows that the majority of teachers today are verbally abused by pupils . some 82 per cent of 3,500 nasuwt members polled were verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months . 38 per cent suffered similar problems with parents or carers compared with 24 per cent in 2014 .
four teenagers caught on camera kicking a rare bird and throwing another out of a window in walsall, west midlands . the gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks and containers around 3.30am on january 12 . the birds were also squeezed to death and chased by a dog, walsall magistrates court heard . three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month .
girls actress jemima kirke, 29, spoke out about her abortion in a newly-released psa for the center for reproductive rights . she says that she had to use up every penny of her savings in order to pay for the procedure . the center hopes that her story will encourage women to be more open and honest about the taboo topic .
stephen munden, 54, has been missing since 6.15pm on tuesday . he was last seen leaving a hospital, near hook, hampshire . police believe he may have shaved off his beard before leaving hospital . he was convicted of sexually touching a child under the age of 13 .
cengiz guven is the supervisor of site security at lone pine, the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second australian dawn service on anzac day . the 30-year-old security manager from istanbul has been taking care of things at lone pine for the past four years . he's protected russell crowe, naomi campbell and aerosmith rocker steve tyler .
dalny vostok sank in the sea of okhotsk on thursday morning local time . 63 people have been rescued, with survivors suffering from hypothermia . 13 crew members are still missing after the trawler tipped over .
danny nickerson, 6, of massachusetts, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in october 2013 . last july, his birthday request for cards with his name on them went viral and he received more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined . on friday, his mother carley nickerson shared on facebook that her 'precious sweet boy earned his angel wings' after a 'courageous 18-month battle' .
uk researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago . they found the heat near the impact site in mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material . a heat pulse lasted less than a minute, too short to set plants alight . it suggests our understanding of the mass extinction event that wiped out the dinosaurs may not be as complete as thought .
a cnn cameraman films isis flags in a valley near kabul, afghanistan . afghan president ashraf ghani has called the rise of isis a "terrible threat" u.s. officials have voiced their concern about the potential for an isis presence .
simona trasca, 34, joked her boob job was so cheap surgeon could not pay tax . she said: 'i got such a small bill for such a big job, in fact it was only £363' plastic surgeon marek valcu claimed ms trasca's comments were defamatory . a local court ruled in favour of dr valcu and ordered her to pay £1,500 .
newington college in sydney's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations . headmaster david mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on monday ahead of a pending court case . he said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward . dr mulford said the school would fully co-operate with police over the allegations .
benik afobe scored the winner for wolverhampton in the 25th minute . wigan had james mcclean sent off for a second bookable offence in injury time . the latics now have to hope rotherham fail against reading on tuesday .
rafael benitez has been linked with the managerial job at sampdoria . sampdoria president massimo ferrero has taken inspiration from a favourite chant of the goodison park and old trafford terraces . benitez has received fresh criticism of his waistline ahead of napoli's crucial serie a fixture with sampdoria this weekend .
six-strong gang captured on cctv working throughout thursday night . they successfully broke into the basement of the building in london's jewellery district . footage reveals they returned again on saturday - spending another eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping . scotland yard tonight refused to confirm to mailonline whether they had seen the footage before it was handed to them by the mirror . it is likely to place even more pressure on police already under fire for not responding to the alarm .
the monster vegetable weighs 33lbs and measures 4ft (1.2 metres) it was grown in yunnan province without the help of any fertilizers . keen gardener mr li said it had become a big attraction and pictures of it have even gone viral .
andy murray marries girlfriend kim sears in dunblane on saturday . the world no 3 posted a humorous tweet in 'emojis' on his twitter account . murray expects a day filled with laughter, romance, alcohol and dancing .
noaa fisheries in maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered . they want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations . ten of these would be 'not at risk', two would be 'threatened' and two would remain 'endangered' it follows a conservation 'success story' that raised numbers to 90,000 .
the truck driver had a nasty prang with the huge armoured vehicle during rush hour in changchun city, china, on thursday april 16 . pictures and videos of the scene were posted to weibo, china's equivalent of twitter, and quickly went viral . it's unclear whether or not this is a military tank but footage shows people inside the vehicle were wearing camouflage uniforms .
sunderland face stoke city at the britannia stadium on saturday . adam johnson was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming on thursday . dick advocaat has confirmed the midfielder remains available for selection . the 27-year-old has been used as a substitute in the last three games .
northampton face saracens in the rbs 6 nations on saturday . saints were dumped out of champions cup quarter-finals by exeter . flanker tom wood is keen for his side to regain momentum .
nicholas figueroa, 23, and moises locon, 26, died in explosion last week . investigators have now shifted focus to what caused the explosion . criminal case expanded to include landlord haria hrynenko . sources say charges could include second-degree manslaughter . in august utility workers discovered gas line to restaurant illegally tapped .
manchester city face bayern munich in the champions league on tuesday . city director of football txiki begiristain is on the move to munich . pep guardiola is the man city would like to install at the etihad stadium . guardiola is facing his first champions league exit prior to the semi-final stages of his coaching career .
morocco was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 african cup of nations . the north-african nation was fined $1 million by the confederation of african football . the sanctions have been set aside with the exception of the fine .
canines used for fillings of stuffed pastry normally made with beef . owner chinese van ruilonc admitted making pastries from dog meat . rio de janeiro will host next year's olympic games .
tories accused of giving 'no detail' about deficit reduction plan . labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra £26billion-a-year . institute for fiscal studies says voters are 'in the dark' about cuts .
3aw morning show host john burns has been named as the media personality alleged to have vilified richmond's bachar houli . mr burns is alleged to have referred to houli as a 'terrorist' at a club function at the mcg on friday night during the tigers' match against melbourne . the radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against mr burns .
mark lowe, 32, is serving a five-year sentence for killing his brother wayne . he killed him after wayne tried to stab him during a drink-fuelled day of fighting . mark kicked wayne to death and was charged with his murder . but prosecutors accepted a manslaughter plea 'on the basis of a loss of control' as he was first attacked by a knife-wielding wayne . his wife sarah is now looking after three young children alone .
pharmacists association votes to ban participation in executions . ban bolsters previous positions to oppose use of term "drug" for chemicals used in lethal injection .
jimmy anderson took 384 wickets in his 100th test for england . sir ian botham's record was equalled earlier in the day when anderson had marlon samuel caught by james treadwell . anderson's parents michael and catherine, wife daniella and daughters lola and ruby, as well as agent and former county cricketer luke sutton .
castro greeted a group of venezuelans visiting the capital of havana . cubadebate on friday published four images that show castro sitting inside a bus, each with a different person stretching an arm through the window to shake his hand . castro was last seen in public at the inauguration of an artist's studio in january 2014 .
andre gignac says he made the 'stunning discovery' in a photograph released by nasa and taken by the mars rover opportunity . he says he became suspicious about a 'dark spot' on the rim of the endeavour crater he had found in the original image, and so took a closer look . he says the bunker 'could also be a corridor leading to a bigger bunker' .
akon guode, 35, has been released from custody after being interviewed by police . the sudanese mother crashed a car into a lake at wyndham vale in melbourne's outer west just before 4pm on wednesday . one-year-old bol and four-year-old twins madit and anger all died after the 4wd they were in plunged into the water . joseph manyang, the father of the bol and twins madit and anger, has spoken out to defend the children's
celtic face inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . the match will take place at 12.15, a time that scottish football fans do not agree with . ronny deila has warned television broadcasters to stop messing around with scottish football .
manchester city, chelsea, arsenal, liverpool and manchester united have all been knocked out of the champions league . there are 23 current and former premier league players still involved in europe's top competition . seven have manchester united connections - cristiano ronaldo, patrice evra, carlos tevez, paul pogba, dimitar berbatov, gerard pique and javier hernandez .
former paramedic crsity collins spent $500 a week on crystal meth . she checked herself into the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis . the 30-year-old said she was never offered support despite claiming that bugs were eating her eyes . ms collins said health services should have offered her support .
coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern mediterranean on saturday . rescues made as newly released figures show an increase of 43 per cent of migrant arrivals into the eu via italy on the same period last year .
charles alasholuyi is a marketing professional and father-of-three . he has taken time nearly every single day since the girls went missing to hold up a sign . he posts his photo with the sign on cnn ireport .
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula . he was released from prison two days ago along with 300 other inmates . terrorists stormed the prison he was being held in, killing two guards .
irish betting company paddy power tweets that newcastle have suffered more kop beatings in the last 20 years than an unarmed african-american male . the tweet, a pun on liverpool's home end, alluded to recent controversial incidents in the united states in which unarmed african-american men have been killed by police . paddy power attracted headlines in january after backing david ginola's failed bid for fifa presidency .
rangers top scorer nicky law has emerged as a £500,000 target . law's representatives have fielded calls from no fewer than ten english clubs . brighton, birmingham and reading are showing the strongest interest .
claudio giardiello, 46, was due to appear in court accused of fraudulent bankruptcy . he is said to have killed his lawyer lorenzo alberto claris appiani, 37, and co-defendant fernando ciampi, 37, before shooting dead judge fernando ciampi . a fourth victim, understood to have been a witness, had no visible injuries and is thought to have died of a heart attack .
albumen prints were made in the 1870s from the original paper negatives of the early 1850s . they are due to go up for auction in cirencester tomorrow and could fetch up to £30,000 .
john sutton jr, 84, was just 8 years old in 1940 when his father brought him to his first kentucky derby . sutton and his father bet against a horse called gallahadion, which ended up winning the race . sutton has attended every kentucky derby he has attended for the past 76 years . churchill downs is inviting sutton to attend his 76th-straight derby on may 2 as their special guest .
rachel lehnardt, 35, 'threw a wild party for her 16-year-old daughter' she 'played naked twister with her friends before having sex with an 18-year-old in the bathroom' she later 'had sex with her daughter's 16-year-old boyfriend' lehnardt has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor .
stephen dodd took photograph of asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying . he captioned it: 'muslims praying at half time at the match yesterday #disgrace' now liverpool fc say they will 'take appropriate action' against the fan .
aaron cook's application to switch allegiances to moldova has been approved . the 24-year-old is ranked no 2 in the world in the sub-80kg class . cook has not competed for gb since missing out on selection for london 2012 .
daphne benaud has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family, indicating the 'no fuss' approach is the way the former test captain would have wanted it . the private service for benaud, who died on friday aged 84, will take place this week . he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november when he was admitted to a sydney hospice on thursday . prime minister tony abbott offered his family a state funeral .
australia is the most expensive country in the world for the fourth year in a row . the united states remains the world's cheapest developed country . new zealand came in as the second most expensive country in the world . sydney has the most expensive five star hotel rooms in the world which cost an 132 per cent more than their equivalent in new york . a two-litre bottle of coca cola also tops the charts in australia at $4.30, 51 percent more than new york .
players with 60 caps playing overseas will be eligible for australia . aru passed a policy change on wednesday which allows experienced wallabies playing at foreign clubs to be selected for test matches . matt giteau, drew mitchell, george smith, adam ashley-cooper, nic white, peter betham, sekope kepu and james horwill are all off to european clubs for next year .
andrew robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used to stave off depression . the minister for investment and trade battled depression for 43 years . mr robb said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun because it would give him a 'hit of endorphins' he also revealed he listened to jazz and classical music to help with his mood, but it was medication that 'really did the trick'
francis coquelin has become an integral part of arsenal's midfield . the 23-year-old returned from loan at charlton earlier in the season . coquelin says he wants to follow in the footsteps of patrick vieira .
esteban cambiasso signed a one-year deal at leicester city last summer . the 34-year-old has been in excellent form for the foxes this season . leicester boss nigel pearson wants cambiasso to stay in the premier league .
lyle jeffs, brother of warren jeffs, is the current leader of the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter-day saints . his legal wife, charlene wall jeffs, 58, has filed for divorce from her husband in utah citing rape and illegal practices within the sect . she claims to have been excommunicated in september 2014, and is now fighting to have her two youngest children, who still live with mr jeffs, returned to her .
american tourist, 29, drove the wrong way down a busy road in thailand . she crashed into 13 vehicles, injuring two people and breaking a window . officers broke the passenger window to arrest her when she refused to open the door . she was bundled into a police car to protect her from an angry mob .
john hughes came within a heartbeat of quitting his job at inverness . the caley thistle boss said he felt repulsed by the josh meekings controversy . hughes set off on a lonely bike ride after hearing meekings had been cited for the handball missed by officials in the semi-final against celtic .
starbucks ran its european division - including the uk - through the netherlands . but it paid just £1.9million in tax to the dutch government from £300m profit . the coffee giant is being probed by the european commission .
lewis hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the chinese grand prix was 'a fun thing' the incident has drawn widespread criticism from object, a campaign group against sexism . hamilton says he was just acting on his excitement after winning in shanghai .
our social circle peaks at 26 years and seven months . women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months . men hit the friendship high a little later at 27 years and three months .
remy dufrene, 3, of raceland, louisiana, was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door to pour him milk . the old woman tried to chase after the young boy, but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into a drainage ditch . his father searched for the boy but it took him 15 minutes to find him in the ditch .
trooper billy spears posed for the photo with snoop at south by southwest . snoop requested the photo after the rapper delivered his keynote speech . spears' bosses saw the posting and cited him for 'deficiencies' since spears was only reprimanded with counseling, dps does not view the penalty as a formal disciplinary action and the trooper cannot appeal .
toni elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at puckett's boat house in franklin, tennessee, on thursday . however, when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand . forty-nine precious stones followed . as naturally-occurring pearls are rare, it's expected that elliot's stash could fetch a princely sum .
today marks the 81st anniversary of the notorious 'surgeon's photograph', which claimed to show evidence of a monster living in loch ness . the site has launched to mark the 'surgeon's photograph' - an image of the mythical monster from 1934 . google has also released a google doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow pegman to a nessie peg-monster .
acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever tylenol and paracetamol . it has the ability to weaken feelings of happiness and sadness . this is the first time that this side effect has been discovered .
mk dons beat doncaster 3-0 to stay top of league one . karl robinson's side needed a freakish goal from dean bowditch . preston remain in pole position to join champions bristol city in the championship next season .
ella dawson, a recent graduate of wesleyan university who resides in new york city, was diagnosed with herpes two years ago . in her essay for women's health mag, dawson recalls meeting a boy at a party who offered her a sip of his beer . dawson said that even though herpes is often the bud of the joke in popular culture, it's a real issue affecting at least one in six americans .
mi5 has issued an alert over threat posed by rogue workers in britain . co-pilot andreas lubitz killed 150 people in alps plane crash disaster . mi5 is giving advice on risk posed by employees working in 'insiders'
harry kane captained tottenham for the first time this season . the 21-year-old scored on his england debut against lithuania . kane also made his first start for england against burnley . tottenham are seven points off fourth-placed manchester city .
check it is the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in america . the 'tight-knit' gang members, aged 14 to 22, are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in . they have set up their own clothing label and are putting on fashion shows and working stints as models . many have been stabbed or shot at, while others have served time in juvenile prisons .
david zaslav was compensated $156.1million for his role as discovery communications ceo last year . this thanks to the success of television events like shark week, here comes honey boo boo and his running of networks like own . a large portion of that money comes from stocks, with zaslav receiving $144million in awards for his six-year contract .
rex cinema in berkhamsted, hertfordshire, cancelled baby matinees . manager james hannaway said staff were fed up with 'bitching and snitching' he said he was fed up with whingeing from those attending without babies .
arsenal drew 0-0 with chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday . mesut ozil was sublime but didn't impact the game enough for the gunners . ozil should start performing to live up to his £42million price tag . chelsea's defensive frailties have been exposed in recent weeks .
prince of wales and duchess of cornwall visited ballindalloch distillery . charles and camilla were invited to fit bungs to the casks on tour . but they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt . whisky from both casks will then be bottled to benefit royal visitors' charities .
the noose was found near a student center at 2 a.m. the incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students .
rodney stover, 48, a convicted sex offender lived in bellevue men's shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles, rapists, and other sex offenders . stover was arraigned on thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last saturday's attack at a manhattan bar . the shelter is located just one block from the k through 12 churchill school for learning-disabled children .
the 25-ft long fiberglass boat was discovered floating west of ona beach in lincoln county at about 9.30am on thursday . biologists inspected the boat remains and found 'several live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of japan' . an estimated 5 million tons of debris washed into the ocean in march of 2011 during the tsunami .
carol chandler, 53, allegedly molested a boy, under the age of 14, in the 1980s . chandler is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency between 1983 and 1985 . the charges have not yet been formally put and chandler has not entered pleas .
chris sussman, executive editor for comedy, joined bbc after jonathan ross and russell brand caused outrage by leaving lewd messages on andrew sachs' voicemail . mr sussman said jokes have to go through 'quite a lot of layers' to be approved . some jokes even have to be looked over by director general lord hall .
"of course it's not the right word, to call our children 'thugs,'" baltimore city councilman says . rev. jamal bryant: "these are not thugs, these are upset and frustrated children"
dozens of protesters were arrested on thursday at the mauna kea site, a mountain burial ground said to be visited by the snow goddess poli'ahu . native hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction of the $1.4billion telescope . scientists hope to see 13 billion light years away, giving them a look into the early years of the universe .
ollie the owl was snatched from the admiral rodney, in nottingham, last month . landlord richard stevenson received a letter demanding its safe return . the £7.99 ornament has already jetted off to belfast, benidorm and tunisia .
liverpool's derry mathews will go head-to-head with ismael barroso . mathews was set to fight cuban wba champion richar abril on april 18 . abril has been elevated to 'champion in recess' with darleys perez declared the full champion of the lightweight division .
tulsa county reserve deputy robert bates surrenders to authorities tuesday . video shows bates announcing he is going to deploy his taser after an undercover weapons sting . he then fatally shoots eric courtney harris in the back with a handgun .
freddie gray died sunday, one week after his arrest . it's not clear how he suffered the spinal cord injury .
dennis sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help nermin kancefer . he disinherited his surviving relatives who had been intended beneficiaries . family claimed carer exploited the 'vulnerable' childless widower, who had parkinson's disease and was in poor health . but the mother-of-one insists mr sears had a change of heart after falling out with his family .
fern, 57, revealed how close she came to suicide after divorce from first husband . the mother-of-four had her first experience of depression as a child . she has suffered attacks throughout her adult life . fern has been married to second husband phil vickery, 53, for 15 years .
prelate allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios with lover . he had to atone for his betrayal of jesus by becoming his slave . labourer, 32, claims he was contacted by priest on facebook .
hollywood-inspired dementia experiment taking place at a care home in new york . each day a video is shown to residents of hebrew home in riverdale . relatives are encouraged to take part to say good morning and use memory-triggering personal anecdotes . the idea is borrowed from the 2004 adam sandler film 50 first dates .
peter costello has slammed the abbott government's approach to taxation in an opinion piece in the daily telegraph . the former treasurer described the government's approach to taxation as a 'morbid joke' treasurer joe hockey was not impressed with the criticism, lamenting the fact his liberal predecessor had more tax revenue to use during the howard government years . the government is due to deliver its second budget on may 12 .
john travolta is one of the church of scientology's most high-profile members . the actor is premiering his new film, "the forger," in clearwater, florida .
british children's cookbook guru annabel karmel has slammed pete evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his book 'bubba yum yum - the paleo way' karmel says the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts would advise . 'the baby won’t have any nutrition they need - it’s entirely dangerous and i would definitely not advise that,' she said .
jessica ennis-hill admits she faces her 'biggest challenge ever' ennis-hill will compete against katarina johnson-thompson in austria in may . the 29-year-old has not competed at the rio olympics since may 2012 .
on saturday the spacecraft had dipped to within nine miles (14km) of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface . but during the manoeuvre, rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas and was placed into ‘safe mode’ . this caused it to momentarily lose contact with earth . rosetta launched into space in 2004 and entered orbit around 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko in august 2014 .
the canberra based department of foreign affairs and trade workers were given an 'announcement' on a big tv screen . 30 low-ranking employees were told they needed to apply for expressions of interest if they wanted to keep their jobs by moving to melbourne . dfat has since reprimanded the staff member responsible for the stunt .
ed miliband's party has mps in constituencies housing 55 of the 92 clubs in england’s top four divisions . david cameron’s tories have 29 . only bradford west, which holds valley parade, voted respect leader george galloway as their mp in a 2012 by-election .
tabby cat george was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park . he was found on a doorstep in west yorkshire five weeks later . he has now been reunited with his owners after julia hill posted on facebook .
chelsea won the uefa youth league on monday afternoon . izzy brown was on the bench for chelsea's 4-0 win over roma on friday . but just hours later he scored twice in the 3-2 final win over shakhtar donetsk . brown has spoken of the incredible weekend that saw him inspire chelsea to glory either side of a call-up to jose mourinho's first-team squad .
yorkshire have signed india international cheteshwar pujara until may . younis khan was set to be yorkshire's overseas signing for 2015 . pujara will link up with division one champions subject to work permit .
model chrissy teigen posted a picture to instagram showing off her stretch marks . fans praised her, with one commenting that 'real women have stretch marks' pink hit back at critics who fat shamed her for outfit she wore to charity event .
john carver and jonas gutierrez had a training-ground bust-up last week . the pair were involved in a disagreement and gutierrez was dropped . carver says the pair have shaken hands and moved on from the incident . newcastle united face swansea at the liberty stadium on saturday .
jamal kiyemba, 36, was detained in kampala in connection with joan kagezi . prosecutor kagezi was killed in front of her children days before trial . kiyemba was held at guantanamo bay for four years and awarded £1m . case championed by muslim human rights group cage .
the upmarket south yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month . listing agents claim the lavish apartments are worth between $1.3 million and $1.5 million . thousands of fans will finally get the chance to see the apartments for themselves when channel nine opens the doors to the public over the weekend . the controversial pair made a return for 'triple threat' after winning only $10,000 on the 'glasshouse' auction day .
mario gomez opened the scoring for fiorentina in the 43rd minute . substitute juan vargas doubled the lead in the 90th minute . dynamo kiev's jeremain lens was sent off shortly before the interval .
philippe coutinho signed for inter milan for £8.5m in 2013 . the brazil playmaker failed to establish himself at the san siro . coutinho has been nominated for the pfa player of the season .
wladimir klitschko beat bryant jennings in madison square garden on saturday . klitschko has confirmed that tyson fury will be his next opponent . fury is mandatory challenger to klitschko's wbo belt .
england coach john peacock has named his squad for the uefa european under-17 championship in bulgaria . the young lions are the defending champions, having beaten holland on penalties in the final last year . chelsea youngster jay dasilva and ike ugbo, arsenal duo chris willock and stephy mavididi, who is called up for the first time, are included .
researchers from okinawa institute of science and technology graduate university (oist) in japan found a similar pattern in the namibian desert . they used satellite images of fairy circles and a computer to draw lines halfway between each pair to give them invisible boundaries that look similar to cell walls . majority of skin cells and fairy circles both had similar distributions . fairy circles are considered one of nature's greatest mysteries because no one knows how they form .
usain bolt says tyson gay should have been given a longer ban . gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities . the jamaican is now set to compete against bolt after returning to the sport . bolt said he felt 'let down' by gay, and is not looking forward to competing against a man he used to respect .
jurgen klopp announced his departure from borussia dortmund on wednesday . he will not be fulfilling the remainder of his contract, which was due to expire in 2018 . klopp has vowed to win as many games as he can before bringing his seven-year reign to an end .
sevilla are fifth in la liga ahead of the visit of leaders barcelona . unai emery is one of the most animated coaches in la liga . the 43-year-old is often seen gesturing on the touchline during games .
a 15-year-old boy is pulled from the rubble of a multistory residential building . a u.s. special operations forces team rescues 30 people, including three americans .
proposal put forward by experts at nhs health scotland . move would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences . legal minimum age for buying alcohol would be higher in scotland .
petr cech has made just four league starts for chelsea this season . ray parlour believes arsenal should sign cech this summer . the 33-year-old would be a 'no brainer' if he were arsene wenger . arsenal face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday .
harry childs, jack hutchins, dean foreman and bradley pack jailed for affray . quartet confronted burnley fans after last season's 3-3 draw at loftus road . incident occurred after qpr's clash with burnley at loftus road .
southampton beat blackburn 1-1 in the u21 premier league on monday . sam gallagher scored a stunning long-range strike to win the game . ryan seager had put saints ahead before matt targett equalised . harrison reed was dismissed for a second bookable offence .
the secret to forging valyrian steel swords was said to have been lost with the doom of valyria . but, despite its fictional basis, a scientist has investigated whether it would be possible to make a similar weapon using bona fide chemistry . by studying the composition of modern steel, welding techniques and assessing all the characteristics of valyrian steel, he concludes it isn't a steel at all, but instead is a metal matrix composite . the findings were made by materials scientist ryan consell in the latest reactions video for
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on april 19 . reds beat blackburn 1-0 in the quarter-final replay at ewood park . lucas leiva missed three trips to wembley in 2012 with a knee injury .
australian woman evita nicole sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery in mexico last month . dr victor ramirez, of the hospital quirurgico del valle in mexicali, performed a 'brazilian butt lift' on ms sarmonikas in 2014 . her family flew to mexico on tuesday after being pressured to have her body cremated before an official autopsy could be carried out . ms sarmonikas
blackpool are in talks to sign austria defender thomas piermayr . the 25-year-old has been training with the championship club this week . piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for colorado rapids .
florence nightingale penned nursing notes at her derbyshire home . she returned to the area in the 1850s after returning from crimea war . she became known as the lady with the lamp during the war . the brass desk lamp will go under the hammer in etwall in june .
james koryor, 41, was arrested tuesday morning on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse . police say he took his two sons to get haircuts on monday about 1pm, but instead went to a liquor store, where he bought a bottle of gin . he then drove around drinking with the boys in the car, before going home and falling asleep . the boy's mother then found him in the car some time later .
the keukenhof gardens in the netherlands are largely recognised as one of the world's most beautiful spring wonders . washington's cherry blossom trees are also on display at the smithsonian in washington . mailonline travel has compiled the most beautiful spring destinations for those looking to get in a unique getaway .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in their mega-fight on may 2 . mayweather believes there has never been a better boxer than muhammad ali . ali adopted his famous 'rope-a-dope' tactics against george foreman .
a new episode of mockumentary w1a shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after clarkson uses the word ‘tosser’ on top gear . the episode was apparently filmed last july, but the narration has recently been tweaked .
jake shaw, 21, had been volunteering at kandersteg international scout centre . he had been celebrating swiss national day with friends with drinking games . after consuming beer in staff room he returned to room in 'very drunk state' it is believed he lost his balance as he tried to open a bedroom window and fell . he was airlifted to hospital in bern suffering severe injuries but died nine days later .
extra storage space is a video that has been viewed almost 600,000 times . it features new parents sharing their top parenting advice . tips include making room for date nights and getting on a schedule .
claire nugent, 43, and nigel morter, 47, have been married for 14 years . they restored a 1940s airfield control tower in norfolk and now run it as a b&b .
patient is being treated at the royal victoria hospital, belfast . they are being tested for a number of diseases including rabies . public health agency said there was no increased risk to community . lisa mcmurray died at the same hospital in 2009 after contracting rabies .
massimo cellino claims red bull have launched a bid to buy leeds united . cellino said majority shareholder eleonora sport were considering the offer . leeds chairman andrew umbers said he was not aware of an offer . soft drink giants own three football clubs and two formula one teams .
tips compiled by serenata flowers include keeping flowers well-groomed . keep petals in place with a light spritz of hairspray . don't mix fruit and flowers as some fruits produce ethylene .
tokyo's narita airport has installed running tracks in its new terminal 3 . the cushioned tracks were designed to celebrate the 2020 olympics . the new terminal will be used for departures and arrivals of low-cost carriers .
real madrid host atletico madrid in the champions league quarter final . marcelo and mario suarez will both miss the second leg at the bernabeu . suarez has blasted the performance of referee milorad mazic .
martin odegaard shared a picture with former brazil international ronaldo . the 16-year-old joined real madrid for £2.3million in january . odegaard has trained with carlo ancelotti's first team regularly .
will hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as the broke backpacker while spending only us$100 a week . the 26-year-old british backpacker has only once tried to conform to a regular nine-to-five desk job at a travel agency . mr hatton has herded goats in the middle east, run beer-pong tables in laos and done more than his fair share of flyering in cambodia .
miliband said a second independence poll 'ain't going to happen' even if he becomes pm with the support of snp mps next month . intervention came as john major warned the snp was 'waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda'
lz granderson: a bystander recorded a video of a white police officer shooting a black man . he says the incident raises questions about how often such incidents happen without a third-party recording .
dr arye shimron has 'confirmed' the existence of a tomb in jerusalem . he says he has linked the james ossuary to the long disputed 'jesus family tomb' dr shimron’s work has renewed controversy over the talpiot tomb, which was discovered in 1980 and dates back to the second temple period and the time of jesus . he claims that jesus was married and fathered a child .
daniel pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend alex . the pair had been driving together when daniel erected a series of signs . alex missed the crucial first sign with her name on but caught the second two which read: will... you... marry . she gasped when the next sign revealed the marriage proposal as a joke .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 . the bout has been billed as the 'fight of the century' . but joe calzaghe says mayweather will still be victorious . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
a 63-year-old former air hostess has won a £14.5m london mansion from her 90-year-old saudi ex-husband following a legal battle at the high court . the property, in north west london, has 'superb views' over a london park . the couple's main marital home had been a £26m 'palatial residence' in jeddah, saudi arabia, for which 40 members of staff were employed to keep it ticking over
eight-year-old cody neatis was admitted to royal preston hospital with a chest infection last thursday . he has had to sleep on a mattress on the floor as staff do not have the cot he needs to keep him safe in his sleep . his mother, lynne neatis, 48, has slept on the mattress with him for the past week . she fears her son will injure himself or pull out his oxygen in the night .
prince william confirmed he will take full fortnight of paternity leave when second child is born later this month . he became most senior member of royal family to work as an ordinary paye employee when he became a pilot for east anglian air ambulance . prince william will be working in cambridge, norwich and gloucestershire airport throughout april . duchess of cambridge will largely be based at their london home kensington palace .
shannen hussein, 21, lives on a 30-acre farm in rockbank, 34 kilometres north-west of melbourne with over 150 pets . her lamb winter became an internet sensation after a video of him bounding down a hallway went viral last year . the young woman cares for dogs, cats, sheep, birds, lizards, scorpions, camels and many more creatures .
ben flower was sent off for two punches on st helens' lance hohaia . the welsh prop was banned for six months after the grand final . flower will return for wigan against warrington on thursday .
loretta burroughs, 63, sobbed throughout her sentencing as relatives of her late husband, danny, talked about the horror of losing him . mrs burroughs was arrested in may 2013 after danny burroughs' body parts were found inside the guest bedroom closet of the ventnor home she was moving out of . she had told family and friends that he had left her for another woman shortly before the couple was due to move to florida in august 2007 .
marvel studios put all the speculation to rest with a poster featuring paul bettany . thursday was the eve of the new netflix series "daredevil" bryan singer announced a new character for next year's sequel "x-men: apocalypse"
chris ramsey watched qpr hold off league leaders chelsea for 88 minutes . ramsey watched cesc fabregas' late winner at loftus road . fabregas put chelsea within touching distance of premier league title .
manny pacquiao faces floyd mayweather at the mgm grand in las vegas on saturday . the filipino has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the world over the past decade or so . the 36-year-old spent his early career boxing in the far east before being given his chance on the big stage in 2001 .
nasa's curiosity rover found liquid water close to the surface of mars . substance perchlorate has been found in the soil, which lowers the freezing point so the water does not freeze into ice, but is liquid and present in very salty water . when night falls, some of the water vapour in the atmosphere condenses on the planet surface as frost, but calcium perchlorate is very absorbent and forms a brine with the water .
commuters across new south wales' coastline are mourning the loss of their umbrellas on social media . workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon . 'weather 47 - 0 umbrellas. #umbrellageddon,' brendan duong posted on instagram after spotting two colourful brollies poking out the top of a sydney bin .
kris wardle, who lives in leicester, thought his world was complete when he married his long-term girlfriend katrina in 2011 . but less than two years later, the hgv truck driver would be a widower after his beloved wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old mark . 'that girl, she was just something so special,' said kris .
mark clattenburg will officiate manchester derby between united and city . the referee has sent off three players from united and city this season . vincent kompany was sent off during belgium's 1-0 defeat of israel . clattenburg will be joined on sunday by assistants simon beck and jake collin .
rory mcilroy battled with jamie dornan in a game of circular soccer . the northern irishman won 2-1 to take the crown at the masters . mcilroy is an avid manchester united fan and dreamed of playing for the red devils as a child .
the man scaled the grandstand before sprinting across the start-finish line . he then made a bid for the pit wall before heading to the ferrari garage . he was arrested and taken away from the chinese grand prix circuit .
vladimir bukovsky, 72, has lived in the uk since he fled the soviet union in the 1970s . fled after he was accused of spreading anti-soviet propaganda . managed to smuggle to west 150 pages of documents detailing abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons in the communist state . summonsed to appear at cambridge magistrates next month following investigation .
in total six tigers, a bear, a lion, a cougar, a black leopard and a liger were taken from kenny hetrick's farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit . authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011 where a man released 56 exotic animals - including lions and tigers - then killed himself . neighbors have organized car washes and handed him envelopes stuffed with thousands of dollars to pay legal bills .
italian astronaut samantha cristoforetti wore the uniform on friday . together with nasa astronaut terry virts she captured the spacecraft . on board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine . it will remain at the iss for a month before returning to earth . the dragon spacecraft has been in orbit for more than 5,900 days .
identical twins marcus and markieff morris, who both play forward for the phoenix suns in the nba, are now the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault which allegedly occurred in january . the alleged assault happened at the nina mason pulliam recreation & sports complex where the alleged victim and a woman were watching a basketball game . erik hood, 36, told police he knows the twins from when he mentored them while they were growing up
ian bell has signed a three-year contract extension with warwickshire . the batsman has gone on to play 105 test matches and 161 one-day internationals for england . bell has won five trophies with warwickshire, including the county championship in 2004 and 2012 .
manchester city beat leicester city 1-0 at wembley in 1969 . harry dowd played 181 games in nine years at maine road . he joined the club as an amateur at the age of 20 in 1958 .
christopher may, 50, will appear at pontypridd magistrates' court tomorrow . he will be charged in connection with the murder of tracey woodford, 47 . her family today paid tribute to 'kind-hearted' and 'selfless' 47-year-old's body was discovered with 'massive injuries' .
blackburn rovers face liverpool in fa cup fifth round replay on wednesday . john o'sullivan is ineligible to play because he was on loan at barnsley . gary bowyer says it 'doesn't make sense' that he can't use o'sullivan .
mary kay letourneau, 53, and her husband, vili fualaau, 31, will talk about her rape trial and their married life in an interview that will air on 20/20 on friday . letourneau shot to infamy after starting a relationship with fualaau when he was 12 and falling pregnant with his child when he was 13 . she served a seven-year prison term for the relationship and they now have two children together . the couple have four children from a previous marriage .
the world's biggest easter egg hunt in sacramento became shambolic on sunday when adults invaded the children-only event . children as young as two were squashed by teenagers and adults weave between them picking up candy . the event, which did not break the world record, was to raise money for victims of human trafficking .
the park hyatt new york recently hired narcisco rodriguez to re-design its staff's uniforms . the shangri la hotel in toronto opted for local designer, sunny fong, when overhauling their lobby lounge dresses . jw marriott houston downtown enlisted the help of american designer, david peck, for its uniform overhaul .
the egyptian-themed mansion, advertised online as pharaoh's palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in tampa . millionaire owner gary lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers . neighbors have complained about noisey private functions held on the grounds . on friday the county code enforcement board found that lownds had violated their rules by holding events without the right permit and running a business in a residential neighborhood .
two florida corrections officers and one former officer trainee are charged in a plot to kill a former inmate . the three men face up to 30 years in jail if convicted on one count each of conspiracy to commit murder .
parenting blogger emily-jane clark has compiled a list of the best tips . they include avoiding a double buggy, buying several blue bowls and never setting a specific time for meeting people .
the academy of country music awards celebrated its 50th anniversary sunday . blake shelton and luke bryan were quick to point out that everything is bigger in texas . here's our breakdown of the 10 best and 5 worst moments at the 2015 acms .
kurdish separatists open fire on turkish soldiers ahead of a spring festival, cnn turk reports . turkey's prime minister condemns the violence .
sunderland beat newcastle 1-0 in the wear-tyne derby on sunday . jermain defoe scored a stunning 20-yard volley in the first half . the former fc toronto striker had scored just twice for the black cats .
number of christians in the us will decline from three quarters in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050 . percentage of atheists across the globe is expected to fall across the same time frame while muslims will outnumber christians by 2070 .
ap mccoy finished third on box office in his last-ever race on saturday . the jockey was reduced to tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand . mccoy predicted someone will eventually break his multitude of records .
james paul harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old james gerety . harris pleaded no contest in december to involuntary manslaughter . a former girlfriend testified a year ago that harris told her he shot gerety in the stomach, tortured him for two days, then cut off his head .
sandstorms caused havoc in saudi arabia last week with a number of flights being cancelled and schools being forced to close . strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption, which resulted in nearby dubai’s skyline almost disappearing . the orange cloud gets thicker, becomes darker and is it disperses further sunlight becomes drastically reduced .
in the first three months of the year, 434,775 people waited longer than four hours in hospital emergency wards - some 4,830 patients every day . over the past year, more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time – compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10 . 113,648 waited longer than four-hours on trolleys in a&e, and 983 over 12 hours .
nabil fekir has been attracting interest from premier league clubs . but his father mohamed does not want him to sit on the bench at man city . fekir scored lyon's opener in their 3-1 win over guingamp on saturday .
on tuesday, spacex came incredibly close to landing its falcon 9 rocket booster on a barge in the middle of the atlantic . now, leaked footage reveals just how close elon musk's firm came to success, with a close-up view of the daring attempt shot on a gopro camera . the unverified video shows the rocket drifting onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over .
manny pacquiao is the underdog for the $300m mega-fight in las vegas . the filipino says he must be a 'warrior in the ring' to beat floyd mayweather . pacquiao says it is time for the undefeated american to lose . click here for all the latest boxing news .
labour leader jumps ahead of the prime minister in personal approval ratings . party has also taken a four point lead over the tories with 28 days until polling day . revelation comes in the wake of a political row over miliband's personal character . defence secretary michael fallon said miliband could stab britain in the back like he did to his brother .
anthony joshua stopped jason gavern in the third round in newcastle . the 37-year-old was dropped twice in the second round and twice in the third . joshua was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture in his back .
tracksuit tycoon mike ashley has agreed to buy a plot of land in chelsea from the retailer john lewis for somewhere in the region of £200million . ashley has agreed to buy 62 luxury flats, seven townhouses and an agreement to relocate marlborough primary school as part of the project . the biggest motivation in ashley’s life is to make money, something reflected in newcastle united’s latest accounts . the weekend defeat by swansea was a seventh straight premier league loss
tamale rocks was performing at cigars and stripes in chicago, illinois . she opened a mirrored door to find a cleaning closet and shot the view of the toilet through the two-way mirror . the mirror was originally set up as part of a halloween prank in 2001 . cigars and stripes owner ronnie lottz says he has no plans to get rid of it .
renee bergeron, 38, from washington, photographs children with special needs as superheroes . for the superhero project, she dresses them up with capes, goggles, and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything .
obesity levels were the main factor pushing the uk down the health rankings . overall, the uk came 11th in the table of countries with highest standards . despite national earnings that make us the world’s fifth richest country, living standards are driven down by poor health and fitness .
becky watts went missing from her home in bristol on february 19 this year . her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later at a house three miles away . inquest into her death has been opened and adjourned while criminal proceedings, involving her step-brother, take place . nathan matthews, 28, faces a single count of murdering his step-sister . his girlfriend shauna hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the court of justice .
raheem sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at liverpool . daniel sturridge believes sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly . sterling was one of four liverpool players at launch of new balance kit .
in england alone, there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia . here, in the final week of our major good health series on dementia, we turn our attention to the carers . what can be done to make life easier for them and their loved ones .
jordan speith is in prime position to win the masters at augusta . the 21-year-old is playing alongside british contender justin rose . spieth is the man to beat for the top prize of $1.8 million .
queens park rangers host chelsea at loftus road on saturday . john terry was banned for four games and fined £220,000 for racist comments he made during chelsea's defeat to anton ferdinand in october 2011 . chris ramsey says he will shake terry's hand in light of the incident . ramsey says rio ferdinand won't be fit in time for reunion with terry .
bayern munich defeated porto 6-1 in the champions league quarter-final . thomas muller scored the fourth goal of the game to secure a place in last four . muller became the highest-scoring german since 1992 . the 25-year-old engaged in a raucous exchange with bayern supporters .
aljaz bedene has won his first match since becoming a british citizen . the 25-year-old claimed a 6-3 6-2 victory over maxime chazal of france . bedene is now the british number two behind andy murray .
tiger woods announced on friday that he will be playing at the masters in augusta next week . the 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on tuesday at augusta national, and golf channel said he was seen on the practice range friday morning . woods, a four-time masters champion, last competed at the farmers insurance open on february 5 at torrey pines .
jack grealish starred for aston villa in their fa cup semi-final win over liverpool . the 19-year-old has been photographed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide . grealish is the third premier league starlet caught on camera apparently inhaling the drug this month . he is at the centre of a tug-of-war between england and the republic of ireland .
theo walcott has just over 12 months left on his current £90,000-a-week deal . liverpool and manchester city have shown an interest in the winger . arsenal boss arsene wenger has said negotiations have taken place .
tuti yusupova's friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on july 1, 1880 . they want the guinness book of records to document that achievement . the current record holder is french woman jeanne calment, who was 122 when she died in 1997 .
neto's contract at fiorentina expires in june . the brazil international has been linked with a move to liverpool . psg and liverpool are also interested in the 25-year-old .
celtic lost 1-0 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . a blatant josh meekings handball in the box was missed by referee steven mclean and his team . no penalty or red card was given for meekings' handball .
iker casillas has been at real madrid since breaking into the team in 1996 . the 33-year-old has been linked with a move for david de gea . casillas claims he will stay at the bernabeu and fight for the no 1 jersey .
gareth bale is a huge doubt for real madrid's champions league quarter-final second leg match against atletico madrid . bale lasted just a few minutes before limping off with a calf injury . los blancos are also without croatian midfielder luka modric .
artist joe joiner, whose great-grandmother died from asbestos exposure, has created a moving new art installation in tribute . 50 families have contributed heartfelt messages to the artwork in covent garden, london . artwork is made up of two huge glass boxes, inside which the messages float around representing a breathing pair of lungs .
liverpool have been given permission to install a 4.5metre privacy screen . the club had grown concerned that confidential team details have been leaked out before matches . local residents wanted a designated area for fans to watch training .
german delfino awarded a penalty to velez sarsfield after daniel valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area . linesman ivan nunez caught a replay of the incident on a cameraman's monitor and informed delfino via his earpiece . delfino is under investigation and faces a possible ban .
marilyn mosby, 35, was elected chief prosecutor in baltimore in january . she will decide whether to file criminal charges in the death of freddie gray . gray, 25, died in police custody from a fatal spinal cord injury .
helicopter came down on a house in the carapicuiba area of sao paulo yesterday . five people, including thomaz alckmin, son of geraldo alckmin, were killed . it is believed the damaged house had been under construction .
leighton baines and luke garbutt visited alder hey children’s hospital . the everton duo handed out easter eggs to young patients . baines hailed the 'unbelievable strength and character' of the children .
jury must decide if dzhokhar tsarnaev should live or die for what he did . "nobody fills that boot now," father says of daughter who was killed in first blast . "big heart, big smiles, big service. all love," says one survivor's father .
belinda bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a bondi butcher . she was buying a chicken for her roosters star boyfriend aidan guerra to have for dinner on monday night . ms bartholomew claims the butcher called her a 'f***ing c***' when she tried to change her chicken selection . the butcher has hit back saying ms bartholomew is 'lying' and trying to ruin the business .
ellia beasley, 22, from new milton, hampshire, has more than 20 tattoos . loved lost prophet lyrics when she was a teenager and had a 'scream your heart out' tattoo . but she lived to regret after singer ian watkins was exposed as a paedophile . watkins was jailed for 35 years in 2013 for a string of child sex offences .
rona fairhead, 53, has said she wants to stay for a least another year . she has been under pressure after claims hsbc's swiss operation helped wealthy clients hide billions from the taxman .
domenico rancadore, 65, fled to britain in the 1990s to join the sicilian mafia . he was given a seven-year sentence in 1999 for his role as a 'man of honour' . in february he was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence . today it emerged that his case expired last october and his european arrest warrant is to be withdrawn .
yannick bolasie has dazzled for the eagles since alan pardew took over in january . liverpool and newcastle have been watching the electrifying winger . bolasie has the opportunity to shine against manchester city on monday .
research led by dr haimin wang from the new jersey institute of technology has revealed the first high-resolution footage of a solar flux 'rope' taking shape on the sun . in the video, twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis before bursting from the sun . the rope eventually causes a bright flash - a solar flare - to form . it is thought to be the main cause of solar weather - including solar flares and coronal mass ejections .
andy lee takes on peter quillin in new york on saturday . lee is making his first defence of his wbo middleweight title . the irishman won the title against matt korobov last year .
swansea city host hull city at the liberty stadium (saturday 3pm) jefferson montero suffered a muscle strain during ecuador's 1-0 defeat by mexico on saturday . tom carroll is definitely out with ankle ligament damage . leon britton and kyle bartley are both back in training .
jose mourinho says he felt like he was british when andy murray won wimbledon two years ago . the chelsea manager also described sw19 as 'more than a grand slam' . mourinho was given a tour of wimbledon as part of a new deal with jaguar .
the emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by world boxing council president mauricio sulaiman . wbc light heavyweight champion adonis stevenson was also on hand as the $1million creation was put on show . the traditional emerald green belt will be handed to the winner of the mega-fight on may 2 .
soldiers were buried with full military honours in flanders fields, belgium . emotional ceremony included the hymn jerusalem in flanders fields this morning . their graves will be labelled as 'known unto god' - a description chosen by author .
sarah reign, 26, from new york, works as a security guard at a factory . after working shifts, she disrobes down to underwear and switches on webcam . she says fans love watching her enjoy food on camera .
mary anderson’s grandson saw the ghost of his grandfather in the family home in indiana . she decided to ease the boy’s fears by selling the cane he had owned . the winning bidder was asked to write a letter to the youngster letting him know the cane was doing ok . the $65,000 walking stick is now housed in antigua’s golden palace casino .
britain is predicted to be hotter than ibiza, athens and barcelona tomorrow . ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest april ever as britons cool off . the mercury is predicted to soar to 21c (70f) tomorrow, with forecasters warning people to make most of it .
dog grooming salons in taipei are giving particularly furry customers outlandish haircuts . the craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square . the desired effect is a more eye-grabbing and clean-cut look .
hound dog ii and lisa marie will be moved from graceland to a nearby site . tourists to graceland will have to pay extra if they want to see the jets . the two planes have been at the estate since the mid-1980s .
haris vuckic was one of five newcastle loanees sent to ibrox . kevin mbabu, remie streete, gael bigirimana and shane ferguson all injured . vuckic has scored six goals in 10 games for rangers .
lady penelope and aloysius parker given slight tweaks for 2015 remake . lady penelope is voiced by gone girl actress rosamund pike . parker returns with original voice, that of 89-year-old david graham .
melissa wilson and her team-mates are on the brink of making history . the women’s crews will battle the same thames course as the men . 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators .
survey by direct line questioned 2,005 adults in the uk on common events . not being able to sleep, losing your keys and being stuck in traffic were the top three emergencies that brits find most straining . other emergencies linked to work include being stuck in traffic when already late, losing an important document and printer not working .
the variety theater in cleveland, ohio, was renowned for its rock concerts but everything changed when motorhead played a gig in 1984 . the ceiling cracked and pieces of plaster began to fall on the audience - ending the concert and the life of the venue . built in 1927, the venue was home to one of the earliest single screen cinemas in cleveland before becoming an iconic music venue .
the former olympian and reality tv star, 65, will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with sawyer for a special edition of '20/20' on friday april 24 . the interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman, and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in california in february . while the kardashian women are known for enjoying center stage, they will be in armenia when the interview airs .
a man has been rescued twice from cockle bay wharf in sydney's darling harbour . paramedics were called after a man entered the water on saturday night . the man lost his footing and fell backwards, landing back in the water again . emergency services are regularly called to the area to rescue people .
an indian army team plans to trek up mount everest to pick up mountaineering waste . the 34-member team plans to depart for kathmandu on saturday and start the ascent in mid-may . the upcoming trip marks the 50th anniversary of the first indian team to scale mount everest .
jerry tarkanian, 5, complained of pain in his legs and was taken to university medical center of southern nevada in las vegas at 4am on friday . danny and amy tarkanian said he's undergoing testing and is showing signs of improvement . the family said the boy has never had health issues and is conscious and moving around better since the stroke .
mark selby will face kurt maflin in the first round on saturday . world no 1 has won two titles this season ahead of his defence . jimmy white has tipped selby as one of his ‘three to watch’ .
lorna mccarthy, 50, feared for her life in hours leading up to her death . husband barry mccarthy, 51, found out his ex-wife was using dating websites . but she agreed to take her profile down after he confronted her, court heard . he then entered her bedroom and stabbed her 13 times, court heard . mrs mccarthy died from a stab wound to the heart, norwich crown court heard .
pc ronnie lungu was singled out as 'a marked man' by wiltshire police . tribunal found he was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues . internal assessments were secretly downgraded to make him appear unworthy . derogatory comments were made about mr lungu based on his colour . tribunal ruled he was unlawfully discriminated against on grounds of race .
larry reid was arrested for dui about 12:40 p.m. monday on u.s. highway 95 near the edge of boulder city city limits . he was also charged with driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol . meanwhile, his older brother, senator harry reid, who recently suffered an accident while exercising, said in a video message last week he would not seek re-election next year .
video shows mysterious hairless creature chewing through steel cage . the clawed creature was captured in shenzhen reservoir in china's sand bay . video has fuelled heated debates over the species of the ambiguous beast . some users claim it depicts a 'water monster' from chinese folklore . others claim it is a malaysian bear suffering from alopecia .
jacob phillips, 23, plunged down the cliff when he leapt over a fence . he had caught a taxi home after a night out with friends in cardiff . but he didn't have enough cash to pay for it so ran from the driver . cabbie said he had no idea how much danger mr phillips was in .
david duane watson, a 46-year-old tucson firefighter, was arrested without incident saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife linda watson, 35 . police say watson killed watson during a 2000 custody dispute over their daughter jordynn . three years later, watson's mother marilyn cox, 63, and her neighbor renee farnsworth, 53, were shot dead in the driveway of linda watson's home 
an australian doctor is the face of the latest islamic state propaganda video . the video shows a man with an australian accent who calls himself 'abu yusuf' yusuf is shown handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope . the vision is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the terrorist organisation .
inspectors found shocking state of hygiene at steer inn in east yorkshire . diner complained of finding dog faeces on the floor - leading to £15,000 fine . owner david crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety . officers found food in kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption . raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad items .
suzanne adams' son james robshaw was born with cerebral palsy . hospital staff failed to carry out a caesarean section or properly monitor her . james, now 12, cannot speak, dress or feed himself and must use a wheelchair . his intellect has remained fairly well intact and he communicates through sophisticated eye-gaze equipment .
ali addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into djibouti . for those willing to pay, there's another route to a new life .
mohammed suleman khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last april . he defrauded the taxman of £450,000 while building a vast estate in pakistan . his nine-year scam was exposed after police raided his birmingham home . he was ordered to pay £2.2m within six months or face ten more years .
lionel messi has been training with celta vigo ahead of the clash . the barcelona forward is set to recover from a foot injury . nolito has urged messi to head to the beach instead .
habeeb latheef, 48, is accused of sexually assaulting three female patients . he allegedly told them he needed to place objects in their hands to gauge feeling . the married gp allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip . taunton crown court heard the women had booked appointments with latheef to deal with back pain and pins and needles . latheef is on trial at taunton crown court accused of carrying out the assaults over a four year period .
rafi meitiv, 10, and his sister dvora, 6, were picked up by police in silver spring, maryland on sunday . the unnamed caller gave a blow-by-blow account as he wandered behind them . he said he saw 'two kids that are unaccompanied, and they've been walking around for probably about 20 minutes by themselves' the caller continued to tail the children until police arrived . the meitivs have been cited multiple times for allowing their kids to roam free .
nigel jackson, 59, is accused of murdering his wife brenda davidson, 72 . he was arrested at his country home in alvor, near portimao, in january . at the time he denied causing her death, saying she had killed herself . but now he says she must have died during a burglary in the algarve . he has written a letter for jail entitled 'love, care devotion and betrayal'
vonda thedford, 55, believes she has secured photographic evidence of the legendary blood-sucking beast, el chupacabra . the restaurant worker was driving along a pittsburg county rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground . she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail' desperate to unravel the mystery, thedford revisited the dead animal and took the remaining bones with her .
the woman was watching the pittsburgh pirates take on the chicago cubs . she was knocked unconscious as she made her way back to her seat . the ball was hit behind by the cubs' starlin castro and careered into her head . she was taken to hospital on a stretcher and thanked her caregivers .
michael slager, 33, was charged with murder on tuesday after shooting father-of-four walter scott, 50, over a broken tail light in north charleston, south carolina . slager is being kept in isolation and can't walk down a hall in jail without the entire cell block being cleared first . on friday, his pregnant wife jamie and mother karen sharpe were allowed to speak to him .
beset by technical problems on its flagship model s, tesla in early 2013 was on the verge of bankruptcy . musk proposed that google buy tesla for $6 billion and promise an additional $5 billion in factory expansions . he also demanded that he be permitted to run tesla as a unit of google for eight years, or until tesla produced a third-generation car .
moses kipsiro raised allegations that a coach has been sexually abusing female athletes, some as young as 15 . the commonwealth games 10,000m champion says he was approached by five female athletes at a training camp for the african cross-country championships . kipsiro says he was told he wanted to get the girls pregnant and then have an abortion . the 28-year-old is a regular training partner of british long-distance running legend mo farah .
dominique granier suggested putting on separate service for roma passengers . he said the 'unbearable' smell was a 'sanitation risk' to everyone on board . union representative bernard gotis said: 'we do not want to recreate apartheid'
bayern munich defeated porto 6-1 in their champions league semi-final . pep guardiola was left purring at bayern's first-half performance . the bayern boss reminded the watching world why he is considered by many to be the best manager in the business .
andrew odell tweeted aldi a picture of the rodent crawling inside his bread . he said it was the first and last time he would shop at the supermarket . when aldi replied he said his pregnant wife was 'extremely upset' .
c-span hosted a correspondents' association dinner at the white house on saturday . president barack obama came out as a stand-up comic at the event .
andrew chan has married his fiance febyanti herewila at besi prison on nusakambangan island . the pair wed inside the chapel on monday with immediate family present . this comes just months after the bali nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at kerobokan prison in february . salvation army minister and family friend david soper officiated the wedding .
justine miliband fell in love with husband ed after she was attacked by a dog . the labour leader did not tell her he was in a relationship on first date . mrs miliband said she thought he was 'good looking' and 'unattached' but he failed to tell her he was secretly going out with a 'mutual friend' . the 44-year-old said: 'we went down a conversational cul-de-sac' .
jason cotterill, 42, bombarded his victim with messages over the internet . he threatened to post a sex video of her on the mother's facebook page . cotterill was jailed for four years at birmingham magistrates' court . victim, a former sex worker, said her life became an 'absolute nightmare' .
adam johnson was considered a prospect for roy hodgson as recently as a year ago . sunderland striker was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming . johnson scored seven times in seven games for sunderland last season .
quincy hazel and sabrina golden-hazel, both 44 from riviera beach, florida, 'never took either of the children to a doctor or dentist' a 17-year-old boy and a 12-year-old girl 'were the only two subjected to the cruel treatment' when a 19-year-old woman took him in, he told her he was too scared to go home . when the girl pretended to be dead a few years ago, golden-hazel allowed them to sleep on the floor of
bradford city fire in 1985 claimed 56 lives and injured 265 . former sports minister gerry sutcliffe says new allegations do not justify a new inquiry into the disaster . sutcliffe says he knew then chairman stafford heginbotham 'flew by the seat of his pants' in terms of the club's finances .
chelsea have announced a partnership with wellness solutions provider technogym . technogym have kitted out their cobham training ground with state-of-the-art equipment . eden hazard, kurt zouma and cesar azpilicueta have been pictured working out .
iran's defiance to halt its nuclear program has defined ayatollah ali khamenei's era . if iran can finalize a deal by june, investors could invest in iran for the first time in decades .
benidorm is bidding for unesco world heritage status . the resort is famous for a lowbrow british tv sitcom and adult entertainer sticky vicky . a decision over the application could take up to six years to be made .
a man driving to work in alabama suddenly noticed his stolen truck following him last week . that set off a chain of events that included a deputy's pursuit, a crash, and an arrest . the driver, 29-year-old terry proctor, was booked into the cherokee county jail, on charges including first degree theft and possession of burglary tools .
marcello trebitsch, 37, was indicted on monday for allegedly running a $7million ponzi scheme . trebitsch is married to sheldon silver's daughter michelle . trebitsch is accused of lying to investors about stock losses and pocketing most of the money entrusted to him for trading . silver, the former speaker of the new york state assembly, was charged in january for allegedly taking $4million in brides and kickbacks since 200 .
andros townsend hailed harry kane as the 'best finisher' he has played with . kane made his england debut as a substitute against lithuania on friday . townsend scored in england's 1-1 friendly draw with italy in turin .
didier drogba was spotted talking on his mobile phone in london on tuesday . the chelsea striker was spotted taking a stroll through the capital . drogba replaced diego costa during chelsea's win over stoke on saturday .
nhs handed out 404,500 suncream prescriptions at cost of £13million in 2014 . another 4.7million prescriptions for indigestion pills costing £29million . some patients given hangover tablets and yakult yogurt drinks . critics said it was 'ludicrous' items were being handed out when nhs was rationing routine treatments .
oskar groening told the lueneburg state court on thursday that he did not expect jews at auschwitz to make it out alive . the 93-year-old is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder . groening is known as 'the bookkeeper of auschwitz' and has testified as a witness in other nazi trials .
richie benaud has died at the age of 84 . benaud was cricket's most famous broadcaster and leg spinner . he was inducted into the sport australia hall of fame in 1985 .
father of one of three teenagers arrested in turkey works for mod . believed he could have had access to names and addresses of military personnel . he has been put on compassionate leave after mod considered suspending him .
malky mackay was sacked by wigan athletic after just five months in charge . mackay was handed the job by former owner dave whelan back in november . the scot is accused of sending racist, sexist and homophobic messages in an exchange with former head of recruitment iain moody . sharpe made a snap decision to axe mackay just a month into the new role . wigan are eight points off championship safety with five games left .
princess leonore looked distinctly out of sorts during a visit to the vatican . the infant duchess of gotland was instead whisked off to meet pope francis . madeleine, 32, is thought to be around six months pregnant with her second child .
sandro says harry redknapp is not at fault for qpr's predicament . redknapp accused 'people with their agendas' of working against him . some players blame redknapp’s recruitment in the summer transfer window .
reddit thread asked users to spill the beans on what 'surprised' them the most when they started living with their spouses . one user described the process of 'ordering' a bride from russia or the philippines, where thousands of women are desperate to start a new life for themselves in europe and the us .
eidur gudjohnsen opened the scoring for the trotters in the 55th minute . craig davies doubled their lead in the 73rd minute with a header . emile heskey added two more goals with a second half assist .
prime minister says tories will offer discounts to 1.3million housing association tenants . but national housing federation says subsidy will cost taxpayers £5.8bn . labour says policy has 'unravelled' and claims just 479 council homes sold . home secretary theresa may defends policy on the bbc this morning .
australian study found facebook consumes 40 per cent of women's time online . study of 150 students and staff aged 17 to 25 found they read magazines 'infrequently' but checked facebook every few hours .
everton host burnley at goodison park on saturday . roberto martinez says burnley have a fearlessness similar to wigan's . the spaniard spent four seasons with wigan before joining everton .
'plus-size' model laura wells has revealed the extreme dieting measures taken by her model room mates to prepare for fashion week . the size 14 beauty lived with a group of standard 'skinnier' models in new york . wells says her room mates, who struggled to book jobs, compared themselves to her as she was highly in-demand .
anil saxena, from mumbai, uses photoshop to create whimsical images . he prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques, saying: 'if the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed, i'm doing my job well'
nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on advanced space technologies, including faster methods of propulsion . vasimr engine - which uses plasma as a propellant - is being developed by the ad astra rocket company in texas . the engine could get humans to mars in a matter of weeks, not months . nasa will give the company about £6.8 million ($10 million) to get the engine almost ready to fly in space over three years .
eden hazard joined chelsea from lille for £32million in 2012 . arsene wenger pulled out of a deal to sign the belgium international . hazard has scored 18 and assisted 10 goals in 43 starts for chelsea .
jin pai, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport . he was caught out when the toilet tipped over and shattered on the floor . he received dozens of stitches on his left leg and buttocks .
kylie gulliver's brand elliott label is adorning the backs of kourtney kardashian, drew barrymore, cameron diaz and pop group grl . robin antin, founder of the pussycat dolls and grl, has joined as kylie's business partner to the brand . the 29-year-old says the brand has sky rocketed from being a 'small solely-owned start up' to a complete lifestyle brand .
mario balotelli failed to impress during liverpool's 0-0 draw with west brom . tottenham drew 2-2 with southampton at st mary's on sunday . chelsea's defensive side have stayed settled all season .
aaron stringer, of the bakersfield, california, police department, is accused of 'tickling' the feet and toes of ramiro james villegas . villegas, 22, was shot dead by bakersfield police on november 13 . stringer has been on paid administrative leave from the department .
jack mascitelli, 18, stripped naked and ran through byron bay for a free kebab . the prank backfired when he accidentally ran 'screaming and yelling' past police . he was found hiding in a nearby kebab shop . mr mascitelli was fined $500 for offensive behaviour .
the project were promoting their upcoming interview with us comedian michael che . but they accidentally used two clips of another comic jay pharoah . waleed aly apologised for the embarrassing blunder on channel ten . pharoah saw the funny side and shared viewers’ tweets about the blunder .
nepal is still in survival mode after a series of aftershocks following saturday's quake . the death toll is expected to rise further as officials get information from the rugged countryside .
chelsea host manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday . louis van gaal and jose mourinho have been friends since 1997 . neville believes van gaal's greatest achievement is making mourinho .
young job seekers fill forms with text speak such as 'u r a gr8 company 2 work 4' admiral voiced fears in evidence to welsh assembly's enterprise and business committee . it said too many youngsters were confused about how to grab a job .
jay liptrot, 43, was among first firefighters on scene of 200c inferno . his tenant lee-anna shiers, 20, her partner liam timbrell, 23, their baby charlie, 15 months, miss shiers’s nephew bailey, four, and niece skye, two, were trapped and perished . melanie smith, 45, a neighbour of the victims, was jailed for life for murder .
jose mourinho was bobby robson's assistant at barcelona . pep guardiola was in his final years as a player at the camp nou at the time . luis enrique, pep and jose in their time at barcelona .
crystal o'connor, owner of memories pizza in walkerton, indiana, says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding . o'connor said in an interview on saturday, 'it is not a sin that we bring gays into our establishment, and to serve them. it is a sin, though, if we condone. if we cater their wedding, and we cannot do that' o'connor said she will reopen again, but is not sure when she will open .
isis posts images online purporting to show the storming of the facility . it says it launched an assault on the baiji oil refinery late saturday .
the 18-month-old boys fell in the water accidentally at 9.45am on friday in yuma, arizona . they were pulled from the water by a u.s. marine corps helicopter and pronounced dead at a yuma hospital . detectives investigating the case believe the boys ended up in the canal by accident and don't suspect foul play . the area along the canal is used by families for walks and by joggers and a family member was nearby when the boys ended up in the water .
tibor racsits, 42, and his daughter kiara, 13, were bashed and robbed by a gang of 25 teenagers outside a shopping centre in newcastle, north of sydney, on sunday night . mr racsits was dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head . the teenagers could have been dealt with under the controversial young offenders act . the seriousness of the incident led police to charge them as normal .
meghan blalock, 29, is managing editor of popular la fashion website who what wear . in a new article, she reveals what her changing sizes taught her about being comfortable in her own skin and how being thinner did not equal being happier .
hillary clinton released a low-key video announcing her run for the white house on sunday . she's betting that there is no better time for her to make history as the nation's first woman president . clinton could be helped by an improving climate for women in politics .
sevdet besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' he did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on april 24 . mr besim is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'isis inspired' attack on anzac day ceremony . a number of 'edged weapons' including knives and swords were seized at some of the properties searched .
ellen brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her suv on the tracks at a railroad crossing in february . her daughters, danielle, julia and alexa brody, say that their mother has been criticized and that people have jumped to conclusions about what happened . 'i went on google, and i searched my mom's name and i was just reading the comments,' julia said .
usa have unveiled their new kits for the women's soccer team . the strips are produced by sportswear giants nike . there has been some controversy over the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red, white and blue . striker alex morgan hailed nike's design as innovative .
david cameron will today announce an extra 600,000 childcare spaces . the prime minister will say the cost of childcare is a major barrier to employment . the conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions for people earning more than £150,000 to fund additional free childcare places .
myer will be holding a 75 per cent designer sale from wednesday 22nd april . the department store has brokered deals to stock international designer collections at the same time as european and american retailers . the sale will be held in melbourne, sydney, brisbane and perth .
bartender liz clark, 34, from san diego, california, jumped at the chance to sail . she promised to document her travels on a cal 40 sailboat . the trip has helped her perfect her surf-boarding talents .
former nt politician matthew gardiner has reportedly been detained at darwin airport as he returned from syria . the 43-year-old is believed to have been fighting for the kurdish people's protection unit (ypg) gardiner was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list . he left behind his wife and three young sons, aged between three and 11 .
nigel farage says he gets an 'unbelievably' positive welcome when he meets black people . but he said claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters from backing him publicly . mr farage said idea that ukip is racist is based on 'no evidence whatsoever'
sally jones, 45, fled her home in chatham, kent, to wage jihad in raqqa, syria . she is believed to have led an all-women brigade in a hate-filled chanting session . the mother-of-two slipped into syria at the end of 2013 with her son . experts say the slicky-edited video is the first 'real evidence' of her involvement .
measurements made by the european space probe philae, which landed on comet 67p in november, show the comet's core isn't magnetised . some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders . but in a paper published online, the team led by hans-ulrich auster at the technical university of braunschweig, germany, said their data don't support this theory .
zoe dennise prince, 28, was working at the gold coast amusement park until september last year . she was allegedly injured on may 20, 2013 when she allegedly experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride . ms prince claims that she suffered her injury as the company ardent leisure was negligent and set poor working conditions . she is claiming $23,050 in general damages and $193,375 for her predicted loss of income in the future .
lincolnshire resort joins st ives and windermere in top ten league of towns . billy butlin located his first holiday park at skegness in 1936 . research revealed 165,000 people in england and wales have holiday homes . cornwall, with its 300 mile coastline, is nation's holiday home hotspot .
phylise davis-bowens, who attended bethune-cookman university in daytona beach, florida, for their 'transformative leadership' program at the age of 37, launched a lawsuit after she alleged she was not allowed to try out for the 14 karat gold dancers . the student, who had been dancing since the age of 16, had wanted to join the dance troupe to use her performance work as part of her thesis in 2009 . she lost 16lb in one month in order to try out but was still denied an audition
lucy is the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found . discovered in 1974, the 3.2 million-year-old skeleton stunned archaeologists . now, a new look at the ancient hominin's skeleton suggests one of the bones may belong to a baboon .
anthony trollope introduced post boxes to the uk in 1852 after seeing them in france . victorian novelist also introduced post boxes to the uk in the 1850s . royal mail is to issue a set of stamps marking 200 years since his birth . limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of trollope and his life .
saudi military intervention in yemen has all but raised the stakes to unprecedentedly dangerous levels . iran and riyadh point to each other as the main reason for much of the turmoil in the middle east .
nasr bitar spotted the car on the streets of mississauga, canada, last year . he followed it in his own vehicle, and took the all-important selfie . he then uploaded the picture to instagram, and it has been viewed almost 2.9m times .
police discovered 20 grams of marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb . it was found by police in the northern territory . officers decided to x-ray the lamb, which revealed the 20g bag of marijuana . it is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at darwin airport . it would then be sent on to the tiwi islands 100kms to the north .
barcelona beat valencia 2-0 at the nou camp in la liga on saturday . lionel messi scored with the last kick and luis suarez scored with his first . claudio bravo saved a dani parejo penalty in the ninth minute . messi has now scored 400 goals in 471 matches .
kealeigh-anne woolley was shaken by colin heath in january 2000 . she was left blind, unable to talk and severely brain damaged . spent most of her life in wheelchair and could only eat through tube . heath, now 43, was arrested last september and jailed for three years .
bristol city hammered preston 3-0 at deepdale on tuesday night . aaron wilbraham scored the only goal of the game in the 63rd minute . swindon's win over peterborough meant steve cotterill will have to wait until tuesday to finish the job of returning to the championship .
shane dunn, 25, stabbed victim ian garrod, 55, in the neck with a kitchen knife . dunn, from tunbridge wells, kent, met mr garrod on gay dating app grindr . dunn, who was high on class a mephedrone, left victim in fear of his life . he even pretended to call an ambulance but instead left him for dead . dunn jailed for 12 years after being found guilty of wounding with intent .
bella hadid, 18, models a tantalizing $895 fleur du mal lace bodysuit and $1,250 giuseppe zanotti cowboy boots . the budding supermodel is just 18 months younger than blonde bombshell gigi, 19, .
england face west indies in three caribbean tests on april 6 . alastair cook has eight runs in two innings as captain . england captain insists he is 'refreshed' by winter enforced sabbatical .
two tsa screeners have been fired after a scheme to grope attractive men, police say . the tsa calls the incident "egregious and intolerable"
president barack obama granted the cia an exemption relaxing restrictions on drone strikes in pakistan after enacting more stringent rules in 2013 . the waiver exempts the cia from providing proof that intended targets of drone strikes posed an imminent threat to the us . had the cia been subjected to the same stringent rules as other agencies, the january 15 drone strike that killed two hostages, one of them an american, could have been postponed or even prevented entirely .
three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway, south of fernvale . a 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries and a five-year-old boy with chest pain were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter . a 27-year-old woman with arm injuries and a six-year-old girl suffering from abdominal pain were also being flown out . six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to ipswich hospital with minor injuries .
isis was removed from the list by the un's world meteorological organization . as the name of an ancient goddess of egypt, isis had been on the wmo list of names for 2016 . isis stands accused of committing brutal atrocities against civilians .
richie benaud died last friday at the age of 84 from complications from skin cancer . his wife, daphne, declined the offer of a state funeral . shane warne and ian chappell attended a private service in sydney .
jack cordero, 14, vomited all over the floor of a powell's bookstore in portland . manager had to clean up the mess - but received apology letter and gift card . it said: 'i'm pretty grumpy about people and humanity. oh man, some people are good'
bombardier beetle mixes chemicals in an internal 'reaction chamber' in its stomach . when threatened, the diminutive bug can repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear, complete with 'gun smoke' this behaviour has been caught on camera by researchers at the university of arizona .
the televisor was made in 1928 - two years after logie baird first demonstrated a working tv system . it is being auctioned off as part of a speciality telecommunications sale in cologne, germany .
alastair cook and jonathan trott should both play all three tests . trott was making his first test appearance for england in 18 months against the west indies . cook will end up with one of the greatest of all england records .
barcelona is a 'beach at the end of the street' city with a beach . it's full of art, culture and nightlife . the hotel arts is a 44-storey skyscraper of glass and steel .
rory mcilroy carded a one-under-par 71 to finish seven shots behind leader jordan spieth . mcilroy will go out in the penultimate group with phil mickelson and ryan moore at 6.48pm (bst) on friday . mcilroy is bidding to complete a career grand slam at augusta .
manchester united host chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . louis van gaal's side have beaten liverpool, tottenham and manchester city in recent weeks . gary neville believes united have a good chance of beating chelsea .
ballance, ian bell and joe root secure in middle order for england . andrew flintoff believes kevin pietersen is now ‘running out of time’ to resurrect his test career . flintoff did give full backing to struggling captain alastair cook .
venessa harris, 12, was diagnosed with bone cancer in january after a nasty fall . doctors dismissed it as growing pains but soon discovered she had ewing’s sarcoma as her discomfort continued . the 12-year-old was the international winner in the tamblyn young model discovery contest . venessa is currently undergoing chemotherapy in brisbane .
michael scott shemansky is wanted as a suspect in the murder of his mother sandra shemansky, 57 . he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day shemansky was found dead . he is already on parole for battery on law enforcement, has a history of bipolar mental illness, and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide .
john daniels, 61, from dunsfold in surrey, has decades of experience working with animals . he used clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots .
javier hernandez scored twice as real madrid beat celta vigo 4-2 on sunday . the on-loan manchester united striker has scored six goals in eight games . carlo ancelotti says hernandez is undroppable on current form .
john bramblitt, 42, developed epilepsy from the age of 11 . over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight . at the age of 30, the artist from texas was completely blind . he decided that an inability to see should not prevent him from painting .
nurhayada sofia was out shopping with her mother and sister in pudu, malaysia . six-year-old suddenly disappeared through a gap and plunged five floors . she was killed on impact after suffering horrific head injuries .
nicola sturgeon said she would regard an 'out' vote as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the uk . she also revealed she intends to be in london on may 8 - the day after the general election - to personally lead the snp's negotiating team . miss sturgeon is riding high on polls suggesting the snp is on the brink of a landslide unprecedented in modern british politics .
rev richard coles sits on board of housing association in northamptonshire . he is supposed to be inspiration for hero of bbc church sitcom rev . raised eyebrows by publishing frank memoir detailing rise to fame .
dzhokhar tsarnaev is on trial for the boston marathon bombing . david frum says tsarnaev is likely to get a harsh sentence .
plaque found on 50,000-year-old neanderthal teeth found in el sidron, spain . traces of compounds found in camomile and yarrow in hardened plaque . suggests neanderthals may have used herbs to flavour their food .
sunderland beat newcastle 1-0 at the stadium of light on sunday . jermain defoe scored a stunning left-footed volley in the 45th minute . the striker admits he had to question whether it was even happening . defoe said: 'it's one of those moments when you think, "wow! is this even happening?"'
tottenham will take on the very best players from major league soccer in the 2015 at&t mls all stars game . the annual showpiece will take place at dick's sporting goods park, the home of the colorado rapids, on july 29 . the fixture will be the only pre-season fixture that tottenham will play outside of europe .
charlie adam struck from inside his own half in stoke's 2-1 win over chelsea . david beckham struck from inside his own half for manchester united in 1996 . jone samuelsen scored a headed goal from a player in his own half .
ranulfo perez, 48, was arrested for allegedly groping a 16-year-old girl . the man dressed as the cookie monster greets visitors to times square . he was released by the manhattan district attorney on tuesday . perez was charged with forcible touching in a manner injurious to a child less than 17, as well as second degree harassment .
a man was in the car with walter scott when he was pulled over for having a broken tail light on his mercedes, it has been revealed . the man, who is not a relative, could shed light on what happened between the pair . eyewitness accounts said scott was involved in a brief scuffle on the ground with the officer who pulled his car over for having a broken tail light . mr scott can be seen being shot five times in the back as he ran away from the armed officer in video footage
south sydney rabbitohs beat canterbury bankstown bulldogs 18-17 at anz stadium in sydney on friday . a section of the crowd threw bottles at referee gerard sutton after he awarded a late penalty to the rabbitohs . nsw police have confirmed two people have been formally identified for allegedly throwing bottles . canterbury coach des hasler has apologised on behalf of his club .
giorgio armani, 80, said he disapproves of women with breast enlargements and men who work out too much . milan-born designer has amassed a fortune of £5billion over his 40-year career . emphasised his appreciation of a 'healthy' look .
80 current and former leaders say there is evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children . but they say labour – and some senior lib dems – appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls . the letter, signed by the heads of good and outstanding autonomous schools, was backed yesterday by david cameron .
cruise ship carnival spirit has finally arrived at sydney harbour after two days at sea . passengers were left violently seasick as waves smashed glass panels and shattered plates . the ship, carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew, docked at overseas passenger terminal at around 10am . the port in sydney reopened on wednesday morning, allowing the ship to make its way through the harbour .
the man was found in gniezno, western poland, in february . he claims he has no memory of who he is or where he is from . polish officials have released pictures and information in hope of identification .
brandon wyne, 17, was pulled over for a broken tail light in virginia . his friend courtney griffith, 18, said she does not allow marijuana in her car . wyne agreed to comply but on the condition that nobody touch him . his resistance prompted an argument, filmed on griffith's cell phone . officer retaliated by pepper spraying wyne in the eyes and tasering him . wyne screams in pain, screaming 'i'm 17 years old! stop!'
tiger woods struggled to get under par on his first round at augusta . the world no 111 struggled to find a fairway on the third hole . he looked worn down, fed up with a sport he once held on a string .
takako konishi was found dead in a mini-skirt in the frozen wastes of minnesota . the 28-year-old japanese woman had travelled half-way across the world to try and find a suitcase stuffed with $1m dollars buried in the snow . it was claimed that she believed the film fargo was real when she was found . but a small town cop said she kept repeating the words 'fargo, fargo' . now takako's story has been made into 
the boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at bennett elementary in bennett, colorado last week . his mother, who was only identified as alicia to protect her son, said it would be a year before he had the all-clear from his std testing . the single mom said that her son's life could be forever changed by what happened and he could face millions of dollars in medical bills .
chris ball, 21, made the most heartbreaking final goodbye video to his family before taking his own life on september 14 last year . he told them: 'i just want you to know that i love you all and there was nothing you could have done - it's just me, my personality it's who i am' his brother jayden, one, and their stepfather found chris's body along with a usb stick containing the video sitting on top of a piece of paper . chris's family have shared the
louisa steckenreuter, 35, was diagnosed with osteosarcoma, a rare form of cancer, last year . the mother-of-two was diagnosed after she went in for an x-ray on a sore shoulder . she has undergone eight rounds of intravenous chemotherapy, which while it helped also made her very unwell . to have a chance at accessing potentially life-saving treatment the woman from dulwich hill, in sydney's inner-west, needs to raise $100,000 .
timothy norris-jones, 59, assaulted his 92-year-old mother at her home . he left her with bruises on her face and a cut on her right wrist . norris-jones had previously attacked his mother on two occasions . he was handed a restraining order banning him from visiting her home .
a facebook page mocking returned australian servicemen and women has sparked outrage on social media . 'the diggers are dole bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late january . the administrator of the page claims that those in the armed forces are 'being paid with money stolen from the taxpayer to do a job that is unnecessary' . the page claims that if the anzac's fought for freedom then the page exercises the right to freedom of speech .
starting in may, scott turner schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on the bold and the beautiful . schofield is a performer, speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues . schofield will be playing nick, a mentor of sorts to the character of maya avant, played by karla mosley .
birth of prince george sparked £247m sales boom between 1st july and 31st august . but experts say the second royal baby will have a lesser impact at tills . most of that will be spent on champagne and cake rather than souvenirs .
number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year . from a low of seven in 2004, figure has been rising for the past decade . theodora hawksley, 29, joined congregation of jesus in january .
michelle maclaren was announced as director of the movie in november . the movie, starring gal gadot, is still set for release on june 23, 2017 .
"the meatrix: relaunched" is an important benchmark in the evolution of the sustainable food movement . a decade ago, concepts like "sustainable farming," "animal welfare" and "organic food" were considered fringe . factory farms continue to reap large profits while producing subpar meat, polluting air and water resources .
a survey by youneedabudget.com found that 64% of adults think they spend more money when they shop with friends . the main reasons for this were said to be 'showing off in front of friends' and 'succumbing to peer pressure and buying things we wouldn't ordinary buy' nearly half blamed the fact that they get carried away by excitement when they shop with friends .
the southern poverty law center in february filed a lawsuit against georgia department of corrections officials on behalf of ashley diamond, a transgender woman . the lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for diamond's gender dysphoria . the justice department reminds prison officials that the eighth amendment requires them to provide inmates with individualized assessment and care for the condition .
brendan rodgers was convicted of leaving a terrace house to rot . liverpool manager was fined £400 and ordered to pay £375 costs . hyndburn borough council said rodgers and judith o'hagan had their case overturned at a later hearing . pair were ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof, and remove rubbish . but they were absent when found guilty at blackburn magistrates' court .
kinessa johnson from yelm, washington, works for veterans empowered to protect african wildlife . the organisation was founded by an ex-marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9/11 . she joined the group last november after a four-year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic .
avril, 30, has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her . symptoms range from headaches to severe fatigue, heart palpitations, paralysis of the face and even dementia .
prime minister looked exhausted as he stepped off sleeper train at penzance . he wore a navy jacket, dark blue shirt, jeans and smart black shoes . mr cameron is still trailing labour with 14 days to go until polling day .
after a century of development, half the everglades is dead and the other half is on life support . john sutter: without this swamp, there can be no "good life" in florida .
the veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on monday when he made the off-colour gag . letterman had just opened up questions to the floor, and fielded the first query of the night from a college employee . the joke received a frosty reception from the shocked crowd . several audience members at the ed sullivan theater were furious over the sexist joke .
jenny wallenda, 87, died late saturday at her home in sarasota, florida . she was the oldest daughter of high wire walker karl wallenda . wallenda was grandmother of daredevil performer nik wallenda .
tottenham hotspur host aston villa at white hart lane (saturday 3pm) kyle walker and hugo lloris are absent for spurs . jan vertonghen is a doubt for harry kane's side .
liz hurley, 49, jacqueline bissett, 70, david gandy, 35, and soap star dean gaffney, 37, all have doppelgängers . josh hutcherson, 22, looks remarkably like eastenders actor james alexandrou, 30 . prince harry's ex-girfriend niamh geaney, 26, and karen branigan, 29, are identical twins .
nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid . airport management is chaotic, with staff and military not being able to offload supplies effectively .
sarah ivens desperately wanted to get pregnant at the age of 34 . her husband russell was ready to be a father and she was financially secure . but when her body was still not doing what she demanded, she got depressed, stressed and scared .
nikki thomas, 27, appeared on this morning to tell how her sister was murdered . jenna was strangled to death by philip packer in a jealous rage in 2008 . nikki said packer bombarded her with hundreds of calls and texts a day . but she never reported his behaviour to police and paid the ultimate price .
ivan balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in novokuznetsk . he took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake reebok top . but after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough, he grabbed another handset and headed for the exit where he was stopped by shop security . when police arrived they quickly discovered balashov’s selfie . he was found guilty and given a three month suspended sentence .
nicola sturgeon said the rising retirement age was unfair on scottish pensioners because they don't live as long as their counterparts in the rest of the country . she also demanded a huge inflation-busting increase in the state pension, which would cost billions of pounds more . parts of scotland have among the lowest life expectancies of any part of the uk .
delonte martistee, 22, of bainbridge, georgia, and ryan calhoun, 23, of mobile, alabama, charged with sexual battery . ryan calhoun, 23, of mobile, alabama, also charged with raping unconscious 19-year-old girl at spinnaker beach club in panama city, florida . sheriff frank mckeithen described the graphic video as the 'most disgusting, sickening thing' he had ever seen .
martin odegaard was expected to be given some minutes towards the end of the game if real madrid were in a commanding lead . the 16-year-old had to sit patiently on the bench as real beat almeria 3-0 . borja mayoral, an 18-year-old striker, was also on the bench as real closed the gap at the top of la liga to two points .
a new species of frog has been found in brazil . called hylodes japi, it was found to mate underground in secret chambers . males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes . and the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators .
freddie gray, 27, was arrested last sunday in baltimore, maryland, for an undisclosed violation that's being kept 'secret' his lawyer said he died sunday after he lapsed into a coma and had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck . gray was taken to the university of maryland shock trauma center by a prisoner transport van and placed in additional restraints . thirty minutes after he was put in restraints, an ambulance was called to the police station to take gray to the hospital .
alan pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to newcastle's season . newcastle would be heading for a second relegation in seven seasons . pardew quit as crystal palace manager at the end of december .
cristiano ronaldo was booked for diving during real madrid's 2-0 win over rayo vallecano on wednesday . the portuguese was booked after being brought down by antonio amaya . ronaldo was set to miss saturday's game but his yellow card has now been rescinded . real madrid face eibar at the bernabeu on saturday evening .
paul casey has returned to the world's top 50 after leaving the european tour . casey will struggle to play the 13 events required for membership . the ryder cup starts in august and only tour members can play on the team .
lionel messi is doubtful for barcelona's trip to celta vigo on sunday . the argentine sustained a foot injury in barca's 2-1 win over real madrid . gerard pique believes messi can play at balaidos (celta's stadium) .
liverpool have scored just 45 premier league goals this season . raheem sterling, jordan henderson and steven gerrard are the top scorers . harry kane, diego costa, sergio aguero and charlie austin are all missing .
residents of new south wales reeling from last week's wild weather are being warned to brace for more floods and damage . meteorologists say early indicators show an east coast low could hit again bringing heavy rain from thursday through to saturday . the state emergency service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs still to be completed .
lipscomb police chief warren carey was trying to arrest mayor lance mcdade when the fight broke out . mcdade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer . carey was later spotted 'hobbling' into his office with an injured leg . city hall was shut down for the rest of the day and crews were changing the locks on the building .
jia jiang spent 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected . he would film them and put them up on his blog . the quest was deadly serious .
k-9 angels have rescued hundreds of stray dogs from romania's streets . they have re-homed at least 700 in the uk and spayed over 2,500 dogs . pola pospieszalska, anneka svenska and victoria eisermann are devoted to saving the mistreated animals . romania legalised 'euthanasia' of strays in september 2013 to reduce overpopulation . state-appointed 'dog catchers' are rounding up strays and killing
a man has accused rapper dmx and his entourage of robbing him while at a new jersey gas station on easter morning . the unidentified newark resident, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is earl simmons, while at an exxon station on sunday . police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with dmx about rap music around 12.30am . 'during the conversation a male in dmx's entourage showed the
jay z defends his new music streaming service, tidal . using the hashtag #tidalfacts, he attempted to refute talk the service is underwhelming .
roger federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and racket . the world no 2 posted the snap on his official twitter account . federer skipped the miami open this year as a matter of 'physical preservation' .
coach driver was forced to perform u-turn on narrow river slipway in dartmouth . he was carrying a bus full of french tourists when he was turned back . eyewitnesses feared that one wrong move and the bus would slid into estuary .
designer collette dinnigan has put her lavish paddington home on the market . the four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost dinnigan $4.45 million in 2009 . the fashion queen purchased a lavish $6.5 million watsons bay property just last month with husband bradley cocks . the two-storey terrace home was built in 1880, and is set on 379 square metres of prime paddington real estate .
fire brigades union say practice is irresponsible and dangerous . ambulance service increasingly reliant on firemen to attend emergencies . paramedics are having to respond to rising numbers of non-urgent calls .
a new wave of african investors are investing in london's swankier suburbs . they mainly come from nigeria, ghana, congo, gabon, cameroon and senegal . over the past three years africans have spent over $900 million on property in london .
jeff bezos' blue origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in west texas . the new shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km) - four miles short of space - before landing . it was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space . the test took place from the company’s launch site in west texas . the cost of a ticket has not yet been announced, but estimates suggest it will be around £130,000 $200,000 .
jenson button failed to start the bahrain grand prix in bahrain . the british driver was set to start from the back of the grid after he broke down in qualifying . button was forced to watch the race from the sidelines .
conchita wurst has been transformed into gustav klimt's golden adele . the eurovision song contest legend posed before ellen von unwerth's lens . the poster will be on display in vienna and cast in gold by austrian mint .
scientists at brandeis university in massachusetts believe the memory neurons that are responsible for converting short-term memories into long-term memories, work best when a person is asleep . studies have shown that sleep is critical in converting short-term memories, into long-term memory, a process known as memory consolidation . but just how that process works has remained a mystery .
john potter, from savannah, has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog . he passed on the image on to the georgia historical society and the photo became an unofficial part of the ship's history even though it was never authenticated . potter has now admitted the sham and explained how he falsified the image .
ellen white scored a free kick in the 26th minute against arsenal . laura bassett and alex greenwood appeared to mess things up . white also missed a penalty which would have made it 2-0 .
greek government has put together a new set of regulations to try and crack down on violence at sports events . fifa and uefa have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence in running their own affairs . epo could be suspended from international competition over proposed new law, fifa and uefa have warned .
porto are unbeaten in the champions league this season . bayern munich are chasing a treble of titles and fourth straight semi-final appearance . julen lopetegui believes his side will need to hit top form to progress .
mcc reveals plans to replace 'tired' tavern and allen stands at lord's . the redevelopment will increase the overall capacity to almost 30,000 . a new thomas lord building and new tavern pub will also be included . mcc aims to submit a planning application to westminster city council this summer .
morrissey has written a public letter to australian retailer the just group . the just group have so far refused to back down on their stance in using angora wool . peta australia has successfully petitioned the just group to reconsider their position after revealing the horrific treatment of rabbits at chinese angora farms . 'by selling angora wool, you're sending the message to millions of shoppers that your company condone the barbaric abuse and slaughter of rabbits,' morrissey writes .
researchers at the university of illinois college of medicine found that binge drinking as a teenager can cause long-lasting damage to the brain . alcohol causes permanent changes in the dna in brain cells . this puts young people at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism . researchers found a cancer drug may be able to reverse the damage .
a 48-year-old man from leumeah, 52 kilometres south-west of sydney, has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences . offences include rape, 'solicit to murder' and assault against his wife . the man was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on june 10 .
photographer fabien le coq has taken photos of france, central america and asia . the series "treesome" reflects le coq's unique way of interacting with the world around him .
mauricio pochettino will not flood tottenham's first team squad with academy players next season . harry kane, nabil bentaleb and ryan mason have taken huge strides in the senior set-up this season . pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more youngsters .
two long-time friends and their four sons traveled from montreal, quebec to corbin, kentucky to eat at the original home of kentucky fried chicken . the group of six completed the trip in three days crossing two canadian provinces including quebec and ontario, as well as five u.s. states . for three of the sons, it was the first time they had tasted kfc .
joe sullivan, 46, will leave his role as facebook's security chief to help uber defend safety concerns . lawsuits have been brought against uber in san francisco and los angeles .
photographer hernando rivera cervantes captured the rare picture of the colima volcano in mexico . the 12,400 feet (3,800 metre) high volcano threw ash up to 1.8 miles (three kilometres) into the atmosphere . lightning flashes are thought to occur due to the build up of electric charge in the ash cloud .
faysal mohamed, hamza jailani and liban yusuf have made an official complaint to the minneapolis police department . the three teens were pulled over in south minneapolis on march 18 . the officers claimed they were being investigated for grand theft auto, but were let go .
motherwell will go to battle with the spfl over free entry to the premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders . the fir park side are set to win powerful backing for their revolt from championship promotion challengers rangers and hibernian . under existing rules, the spfl are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs .
kenneth stancil, 20, 'walked into wayne county community college in north carolina on monday and shot his former supervisor ronald lane, 44, before fleeing on a motorbike' he was arrested 500 miles away on tuesday after officers found him sleeping on a florida beach . on tuesday, he appeared relaxed in the courtroom and, despite the judge advising him he had the right to remain silent, he reportedly admitted to the killing .
toby alderweireld has been in superb form for southampton this season . the 26-year-old joined on loan from atletico madrid last summer . manchester city and tottenham are interested in signing the belgium international .
just 32 per cent of uk consumers have heard of campylobacter germs . many are unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves, report says . more than 70 per cent of britons rightly identified chicken as main source of poisoning .
jackson byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago . doctors told his family the tumour was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on . after a week of campaigning, the 18-year-old is just under $4,000 away from accumulating enough money to pay for his life-saving surgery . the casino teenager must raise $80,000 by tuesday night .
scientists at stanford university have hailed the research a 'tour de force' they believe the laboratory-engineered antibodies could eradicate primary tumours and distant metastases that have spread through the body . the process relies on the same mechanism as that which causes animals' bodies to reject organ transplants .
didier drogba has withdrawn from monday's match against poverty . chelsea striker picked up an ankle injury against manchester united . diego costa and loic remy both missed saturday's 1-0 win over united .
image taken by the probe's visual and infrared spectrometer (virs) to reveal distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters . to highlight the geological features, the images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from mercury dual imaging system (mdis) the spacecraft is expected to smash into mercury's surface on thursday 30 april at 3:30pm eastern time (7.30pm gmt)
liverpool host manchester city in the fa cup fourth round on monday . the reds are seven points behind fourth-placed manchester city . liverpool have a game in hand on their rivals at anfield .
the 33-year-old married her fiancé steven pollack at byron bay in november . the couple's efforts to have a baby had been thwarted because she suffers from endometriosis . mel has discovered that some women keep their ivf treatment a secret and are embarrassed about it .
parents craig and bonnie morgan are selling their house in hastings for £185,000 to help pay for their son craig jr's prep school fees . they have also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half and taken in lodgers . the morgans say craig jr, who is academically gifted, is at least two years ahead academically compared with other children of the same age .
liu siying, 23, was a 'podium girl' at the chinese grand prix in shanghai . she said she didn't think much about the incident and wasn't annoyed . sexism campaigners have condemned the behaviour of the british driver .
chimps in kibale national park in uganda have learned to look for traffic . dominant males will wait to ensure younger chimps cross safely . first time chimpanzees have been seen to adapt to busy roads .
andy murray is set to marry kim sears in dunblane on saturday . the british no 1 is currently in barcelona training with his assistant jonas bjorkman . amelie mauresmo has announced that she is expecting a baby .
a red dodge durango swerved erratically towards the school bus at 8.20am on monday in tulsa, oklahoma . it crashed into an suv on the right side of the road then ricocheted across the center median . the driver of the suv, a 44-year-old man with a history of seizures, had to be cut out of the wreckage . police are investigating whether the driver had a seizure before or during the crash .
isis documents give a glimpse into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate . the group sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law . some subjects would be banned, including democracy and political thought .
cnn gets rare access to yemen's el rahaba airport . the airport has previously been bombed .
41 hospitals in england are letting patients jump queues for cataract surgery . some are charging up to a 'shameful' £2,700 for one eye - treble nhs costs . treatment is being rationed in england even though nhs announced it would fund weight-loss surgery for 15,000 obese adults every year at a cost of £6,000 each .
liam marshall-ascough is standing to be an mp in stoke-on-trent central . he is pictured appearing to lick a female friend's breasts on facebook . but mr marshall-ascough insists the photos show him enjoying himself . he said they show him being a normal person and not a 'drunko' .
san bernardino county supervisors approved the settlement with francis pusok in a closed meeting . pusok's arrest was recorded by a tv news helicopter and led to an fbi civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe . pusok revealed that he had been handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear: 'this isn't over'
everton defeated southampton 1-0 in their premier league clash . phil jagielka scored the only goal of the game in the first half . james mccarthy believes ross barkley is capable of handling pressure .
justin carney dislocated his elbow in castleford's 25-4 win over hull kr . the australian winger is set to be out for up to eight weeks . castleford coach daryl powell said carney needs elbow surgery .
marie csaszar, 45, died after a 10-year battle with a brain tumour . she had worked for seven years at the bbc’s financial centre in cardiff . her widower has had a request for her work emails refused by the bbc . he believes they will show she was 'bullied' by corporation towards end of life .
u.s. envoy mark lippert said if north korea improves its human rights record and takes steps to end its nuclear program, it will be rewarded with prosperity . the north's committee for the peaceful reunification of korea said lippert's remarks were proof that washington was intent on hostility . lippert was slashed in the face with a fruit knife by a south korean man with a history of erratic behaviour at a breakfast in march .
a lack of iron, especially in women, is known to trigger hair loss . dr vicky jolliffe, a consultant dermatologist at the royal london hospital, says this is a 'moot point' but professor andrew messenger, a dermatologist at the royal hallamshire hospital in sheffield, says there is no evidence to support the claims .
indonesia's head of general crimes sent the letters to the prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners including australians chan and sukumaran on thursday . the australian embassy has been summoned to nusakambangan island - where the executions will be carried out - on saturday . chan was arrested on april 17, 2005 in bali for planning to smuggle 8.3kg of heroin valued at about a$4 million from indonesia to australia . sukumaran
the californian desert festival is known for its 'out there' outfit choices . but this year celebrities were leading the bad-taste brigade at coachella . jaden smith, 16, wore a floral-print tunic with a red floral headband . kylie jenner sported a bizarre black lace body stocking with lace-up heels .
chantelle doherty, 21, was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man . she and another man bluffed their way in and stole several bottles of whisky . her friend martin lawrence, 27, also targeted a man aged 99 in salford . doherty was jailed for two years after pleading guilty to burglary and fraud .
darren bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for derby county . the striker joined the rams on loan from aston villa in january . tim sherwood's side take on qpr at villa park on tuesday night .
the cafe is based in moscow and invites cat lovers to bring their pets when they go for a cup of tea . cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped . customers are allowed to adopt the cats but only if they meet certain requirements after an extensive interview .
julie schenecker, 54, was convicted last may of shooting her son beau, 13, and daughter calyx, 16, dead at their florida home in january 2011 . in an exclusive jailhouse interview, she has claimed she pulled the trigger to 'save' her children, despite previously admitting that she had shot them for being 'mouthy' but police disputed the claims, saying she had admitted to killing them for being 'mouthy' .
mark dawe, head of the oxford, cambridge and rsa examinations board, said most pupils learn through search engines anyway . he said teachers should test how students interpret answers, rather than how they find them . chris mcgovern, chairman of campaign for real education, said the idea would lead to a 'dumbing down of standards'
sunrise host samantha armytage has come under fire for a comment she made during a broadcast last month . the 37-year-old interviewed non-identical twins from the uk, lucy and maria aylmer, who have become a sensation around the world due to their opposite skin tones . armytage congratulated ginger-haired lucy on getting 'her dad's fair skin,' saying 'good on her' co-host david 'kochie' koch seemed taken aback by
eva mozes kor, 81, publicly embraced oskar groening, 93, in court last week . she called for the prosecutions of former ss officers to end . co-plaintiffs suggested she should not have taken part in auschwitz trial . mrs kor said any nazis still alive should speak publicly about what they did to help counter threat of neo-nazi holocaust deniers in germany .
tristram hunt, shadow education secretary, was visiting primary school . asked the 10-year-old who he would vote for in next month's election if he could . when the child said ukip, mr hunt replied, 'very good' and asked why . ukip spokesman claimed the boy had been 'drinking in propaganda' .
lib dem leader reveals balance of power lies with wife miriam gonzalez durantez . he was given option of moving family into grace-and-favour government mansion . but his wife vetoed move after controversies over cameron's country kitchen . couple revealed why they chose to remain with their three sons in the home .
average briton eats four servings of cheese a week . three in ten office workers eat cheese sandwiches for lunch without fail . greek feta, french camembert and american cream cheese also popular .
barcelona defeated almeria 4-0 at the nou camp in la liga on wednesday night . lionel messi opened the scoring before luis suarez doubled the lead with a left-footed strike . barcelona defender marc bartra doubled the lead with a headed goal on 75 minutes .
rory mcilroy and tiger woods were paired together in the final round . mcilroy hit a final round of 66 to finish on 12 under par in fourth place . jordan spieth won the first major of his career with a four-shot victory .
nico rosberg and lewis hamilton finished 15th and 16th in bahrain . hamilton made a mistake in sectors one and two of fp1 . rosberg was slower in sectors one and two but a mistake from hamilton gifted him first place .
brazilian man, nelson felippe, was deeply offended by a scene in rio de janeiro . he took a photo and expressed his disapproval on facebook . the image was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours .
stuart mccall says he was warned not to take the rangers job by walter smith . but mccall insists he has made the right decision in the end . rangers are currently second in the scottish championship .
jordan spieth won his first masters title by four shots on sunday . the 21-year-old finished 18 under to beat justin rose and phil mickelson . spieth became the second youngest masters winner after tiger woods in 1997 .
a 42-year-old man deliberately drove his dark blue ford falcon ute straight through the front doors of a police station . he threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before driving at full speed towards the station . the station, which was vacant at the time, was damaged to the front glass doors and rear roller doors . the culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car .
kim richards, 50, was arrested early thursday morning after allegedly attacking a police officer . police were called to the beverly hills hotel at approximately 1:30am where the mother-of-four was hanging out at the polo lounge . a bartender at the polo lounge refused to serve kim after she'd had a few too many vodka tonics . kim then became angry and reportedly shouted 'don't you know who i am?' .
surrey-born kelvin day has only played a handful of events on the web.com tour . the 27-year-old entered qualifying for the shell houston open . day is three shots behind the leaders and has a chance of making the masters .
pink croc hermes birkin bag embellished with rubies on sale for £140,000 . exclusive tote can't even be brought in store and experts say it's good investment .
the human powered vehicle (hpv) will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record in nevada later this year . it will be powered by paracyclist liz mcternan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over a 656ft (200-metre) stretch of tarmac . current benchmark is held by tracy miller who broke the record on 13 may 1995 on a bike called chairiot .
bayern munich beat hoffenheim 2-0 in the bundesliga on saturday . sebastian rode scored the opening goal of the game in the 38th minute . andreas beck added an own goal in stoppage time for hoffenheim . bayer leverkusen are 13 points clear at the top of the bundesliga .
mohammed ali malek, 27, arrested when he stepped onto sicilian soil last night . forced to watch bodies of 24 victims being carried off italian coastguard vessel . charged with multiple manslaughter, causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration . prosecutors claim he contributed to disaster by ramming fishing boat into merchant ship that had come to its rescue .
david alaba was injured in austria's 1-1 draw with bosnia on tuesday . the bayern munich defender will be out for around seven weeks . alaba has been in superb form for bayern this season .
anthropologists from cambridge university and oxford brookes university say neanderthals suffered from a range of diseases that still plague us today . they say new diseases carried by modern humans may have led to the downfall of neanderthals . neanderthals and modern humans are thought to have co-existed for thousands of years and interbred . some genes we inherited could have improved our immunity to diseases such as cancer and diabetes .
u.s. official: iraqi forces could return to mosul in april or may . but obama administration officials say they're not putting a timeframe on a possible invasion . mosul has long been the big prize in the iraqi government's fight against isis .
police have revealed that they believe missing toddler william tyrell may be alive, despite fears that he was abducted by a paedophile ring . this comes just a day after the three-year-old's parents made an impassioned plea for him to be returned to them . the focus of the investigation has shifted dramatically, and is now 'progressing rapidly', detective superintendent mick willing said . this comes as the toddler's mother spoke out about the horrifying moment she realised her son had vanished .
lisa morgan, 40, amended the top of the world roofing website . she had set it up for former boyfriend sean meade, 45, to expose him . miss morgan said she grew suspicious when he started to stay out all night . she also contacted his estranged wife joanne who told her he had cheated on her .
nathan sellers went on divorce court with lia palmquist . accused her of sleeping with the wu-tang clan during one night . palmquist said she had sex with the rza, the gza, ghostface killah, masta killa, u-god, inspectah deck, raekwon, cappadonna and method man . the tenth member of the wu, ol' dirty bastard, is dead so he wasn't involved .
raul castro, arizona's only hispanic governor, passed away on friday morning while in his sleep in san diego where he was in hospice care . castro was a self-made man, the embodiment of the american dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college, and launch a successful career in politics and diplomacy . during his career, castro also served as an american ambassador to three countries including el salvador, bolivia and argentina .
the todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their princess anne home . the six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the ella fitzgerald auditorium at the university of maryland eastern shore on saturday . men, women and children, some in funeral attire and others donning t-shirts reading 'the todd family: gone but not forgotten' .
a sydney psychologist has surrendered his registration after a woman claimed he told her she had 'nice t**s' during a consultation . darryl dewar hugged his client, patted her head, directed her to sing and used offensive language . the woman, who was having suicidal thoughts at the time, also claimed he called her 'a horny little thing' and asked her if her mother was a 'f---ing bitch' the civil and administrative tribunal reprimanded mr dewar last
asbestos has been discovered in the roof at new york city's mayoral residence and work to remove the potentially cancer-causing materials from gracie mansion will begin this month . the hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof . officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to mayor bill de blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during the renovation .
dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the famed dharahara tower in kathmandu to take selfies . they have been taking pictures amongst the rubble of the nine-storey structure, which has been reduced to an enormous pile of red brick dust . one rescuer in nepal said those taking photographs were not 'understanding the tragedy'
iraqi forensic teams began excavating 12 mass graves in camp speicher . believed to be final resting place of up to 1,700 soldiers killed by isis last year . 'dozens' of id cards belonging to cadets found at saddam hussein's compound . iraqi health official: 'it was a heartbreaking scene. it was heartbreaking'
chancellor wants a 'massive increase in the number of people who can own their own home' since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases . mr osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years .
juventus are monitoring liverpool wideman raheem sterling . manchester city, chelsea, real madrid and bayern munich are among sterling's admirers . juventus have made an offer for belgium midfielder axel witsel .
barnet beat gateshead 1-0 to return to the football league . the win ensured martin allen's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful . rovers ended the season with a 7-0 humiliation of alfreton town .
boca juniors beat palestino 2-0 in the copa libertadores last 16 . the argentinian giants will now face rivals river plate in the last 16 . river plate beat san jose 3-0 to go top of group four .
sam allardyce wants west ham to qualify for europe through fair play . the hammers are currently ninth in the premier league table . allardyce led bolton wanderers into uefa cup qualification in 2005 .
sue sharp, 57, bought leg of lamb from asda in midlothian, scotland . label says it is 'born in uk. reared in uk. slaughtered in uk. cut in uk' but a stamp on meat carries the stamp of new zealand health inspector . asda said the mistake was a one-off and said it was human error .
lydia ko shot a 2-over 74 on saturday in the ana inspiration . it was her second straight over-par round after tying the lpga tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29 . the 17-year-old new zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour .
ben gibson has retired from cricket four years after his debut . the 19-year-old was the youngest first-class wicketkeeper in county history . gibson said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire at such a young age .
driver loses control of the vehicle and rides up on to its two righthand wheels . vehicle veers across two lanes on what appears to be a dual carriageway . it then crashes down on to its side sending the men on the roof rack flying .
bayern munich face eintracht frankfurt in the bundesliga on wednesday . pep guardiola's side need four more wins to secure the title . arjen robben and franck ribery are both out with ankle injuries . bastian schweinsteiger, david alaba and javi martinez are also sidelined .
victoria's secret's 'the perfect body' campaign caused a backlash . more than 27,000 people signed a change.com petition asking for an apology . a few days later, the us lingerie firm changed the wording of the advert . curvy kate's new campaign recreates the notorious vs advert . the final ten contenders feature in the powerful new image .
ron ingraham, 67, went missing in december after getting caught in storm . he eventually radioed for help and was rescued - but is now missing again . his ship ran aground on rocks around a mile west of lanai island, hawaii . his sailing mate, kenny corder, was thrown into water with him . corder, who was rescued, left with life ring to survive .
adam federici made a series of stunning saves to keep reading level . alexis sanchez's low shot squirmed through federici's legs in extra time . the reading stopper scrambled in vain to retrieve it but it rolled over his legs . federici was left in tears as arsenal boss steve clarke consoled him .
richard graham is fighting to retain the marginal seat of gloucester . he faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey order . former diplomat accused of posting tweets to ‘inratiate himself’ with voters . zac evans, 19, was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in gloucester .
southampton face tottenham at white hart lane on saturday . saints fans are campaigning to turn st mary's orange . they are encouraging match-goers to wear orange instead of the usual red and white club colours to display their discontent at mauricio pochettino leaving last year . the outcome of the meeting could prove crucial in both clubs' pursuit of european football .
the 25-year-old boytoy is the lover of a dominican woman in her late 30s . he pops round her entire brooklyn apartment block for quickies . six calls were made to 311 - new york city's non-emergency number . the woman whose moans during sex sparked the most complaints said: 'i'm not hurting anyone. my neighbors calling the city the wrong way'
janet faal, 57, was out with a friend in crawley, west sussex, as part of her rehabilitation . she moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse and plunged down . miss faal now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg .
bobby brown was performing at the verizon theatre in dallas on saturday night when he told the stunned audience that 'bobbi is awake. she's watching me' the singer didn't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit . whitney houston's family insists the 22-year-old is not awake and is the same condition she was when she entered the facility .
natalie prescott, 26, dived 40 feet off appley bridge quarry, wigan, in 2012 . she was not expected to survive and her family were warned she would lose her legs . but after learning that a teenage boy drowned in the same quarry on friday, natalie is campaigning to have the area closed off to the public .
russia yesterday lifted a ban on supplying iran with the air defence s-300 missile system . the move is likely to anger both the u.s. and israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers . moscow blocked deliveries of the surface to air missiles to iran in 2010 after the un imposed sanctions on tehran over its nuclear programme .
greg dyke says harry kane wants to play for england in the european u21 championships . tottenham boss mauricio pochettino would prefer kane to be rested at the end of his first full season . dyke says kane has been in superb form for spurs this season .
elche beat real sociedad 1-0 at the martinez valero stadium on monday . striker jonathas took advantage of some poor control by markel bergara . xabi prieto had the opportunity to equalise but shot over the bar . mario pasalic, on loan from chelsea, went close to doubling elche's advantage .
louis van gaal has identified michael carrick and wayne rooney as his brightest players at manchester united . the dutchman demands a level of 'football intelligence' from his players . united have struggled to make the top four this season . juan mata is another cultured, classy player in van gaal's team .
alabama-born mom-of-two elisha wilson beach, from los angeles, is pictured breastfeeding her daughter while sitting on the toilet . the picture has been shared more than 25,000 times and has been liked on facebook more than 211,000 times . wilson beach is the wife of tv actor michael beach, known for his roles on sons of anarchy, third watch and er .
jon czerniecki positioned trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents' farm . when he checked the footage, he stumbled upon the disturbing spectacle . the two canines gang up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back . mr czerniecki has since contacted parks victoria and the local council in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs .
captain of ship that sank off the coast of africa 'applauded and cheered' anti-poaching group sea shepherd claims thunder is one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the southern ocean . the conservation organisation's ships collected and delivered to authorities over 72 kilometres of illegal gillnet .
stephen hawking has teamed up with monty python to create a musical version of "galaxy song" the 7-inch single will be available for sale on saturday .
danny ings is a target for manchester united and liverpool . the burnley striker has scored nine premier league goals this season . ings has also been linked with moves to borussia monchengladbach and real sociedad .
aston villa face manchester city in the fa cup final at wembley on saturday . gabriel agbonlahor missed villa's semi-final win against liverpool because of a troublesome hamstring injury . the 28-year-old posted a video on instagram of himself performing a boxing workout with a trainer .
dave king won 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the rangers boardroom at the club’s pivotal extraordinary general meeting last month . the south african-based businessman has been holding off from taking up a post until he has cleared all regulatory barriers . king required the consent of the court due to previously being a director in the ibrox oldco which entered liquidation in 2012 .
belle gibson sensationally admitted that her terminal brain cancer diagnosis was a lie in an interview with the australian women's weekly . psychologist jo lamble believes gibson could be suffering from both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder . gibson's former fans and customers said she was only 'human' .
gang broke into hatton garden safe deposit ltd over the easter weekend . john o'connor, a former commander of scotland yard's flying squad, said the holborn fire and the raid could be linked . mr o'connor said the major power outage and the proximity of the multi-million burglary was more than a coincidence .
lee garlington is opening up about his three year relationship with hollywood star rock hudson . garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out hudson, having heard rumors the star was gay . he says he would sneak over to the actor's house after work, and leave first thing in the morning . hudson was concerned after learning that a female fan had broken into his home as he had photos of garlington, a stockbroker, in his bed
attorney for dr. anthony moschetto says allegations against him are unsubstantiated . "none of anything in this case has any evidentiary value," randy zelin says . moschetto, 54, pleaded not guilty to all charges wednesday .
the 45-year-old man, who did not want to be identified, underwent the operation in february at the vall d'hebron hospital in barcelona . a team of 45 doctors, surgeons, nurses and anaesthesiologists took part in the operation . the skin and muscles of his face, nose, lips, jaw, all teeth, palate and cheek bones were transplanted by using plastic surgery techniques and microsurgery .
usain bolt, 28, loves kfc hot wings, pringles crisps and guinness . but he has cut back on fast food and eats a 'lot more vegetables' chef is entrusted with chasing him round the house to check he is eating . sprinter said he needs to be 'perfect in training' and 'eating right is a part of training'
new: denver police report nine arrests in wednesday's demonstrations . new: new york city police put at least 20 people in zip ties in union square . baltimore protesters chanted "black lives matter" and "justice for freddie gray"
flight tcx2515 was taxiing to the runway in hurghada, egypt, on friday . passenger said unruly man started causing problems near the back of the plane . he was removed by an armed officer, causing a delay for passengers .
lionel messi opened the scoring for sevilla in the 14th minute . neymar doubled barcelona's lead in the 31st minute . gerard pique and claudio bravo made individual errors .
jose luis gaya is wanted by both chelsea and manchester city . the spaniard is real madrid's first choice to fill their defence . gaya is a key player for valencia, having played 27 league matches this season . the 19-year-old is a spain under 21 international, though he was forced to leave the camp last week after suffering a hamstring injury .
haley mulholland became suspicious husband kevin was having an affair . she took a lie detector test and discovered he had cheated on her . mrs mulholland monitors his movements, checks his phone and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman’s perfume .
manny pacquiao takes on floyd mayweather jnr in las vegas on may 2 . the filipino-fighter continues his high intensity training regime . pacquiao is expected to break the pay-per-view record of $152million .
mauro vilhete opened the scoring for barnet in the 25th minute . curtis weston doubled their lead in the 49th minute . vilhete doubled his tally in the second-half to secure the win . barnet returned to the football league after a two-year absence .
reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children . some parents take away their child's favourite possession, like a book or a teddy, while others resort to a lengthy lecture . one reddit user's mother used her son's naughty behaviour as a cheap means to improve her house .
ukip convert mark reckless faces struggle to hold on to 2,920 majority . reckless defected to ukip to trigger rochester and strood by-election . mr reckless narrowly behind tory candidate kelly tolhurst in poll .
roma defeated napoli 1-0 in serie a on saturday . a banner taunting the mother of a napoli fan who died in clashes last year caused outcry . a serie a disciplinary tribunal said the banners were 'provocative insulting to the mother of a supporter of the opposing team, who died in dramatic circumstances' . roma will have part of their stadium closed for the league match against atalanta on april 19 .
severe storm capssizes sailboats during a regatta in mobile bay, alabama . search and rescue efforts are ongoing, the coast guard says .
luke harris and daryl lee, from surrey, had their first child three months ago . they are due to become fathers for the third time in just a few weeks . couple, who met in 1999 and became civil partners in 2012, celebrated birth of son phoenix blue on january 14 . surrogate viktoria ellis gave birth to daughter willow-star on february 25 .
authorities were called to an industrial site in wetherill park, west of sydney, shortly after 11am on thursday . they worked to release three men inside a shipping container . they had been unloading or loading timber when it fell on top of them . two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby fairfield hospital in a serious condition .
a man whose car smashed into a geelong house was allegedly attacked by a man who was inside the home at the time of the crash . police say the car crashed through a fence and into the front bedroom of the breakwater house . the four-month-old girl was airlifted to the royal children's hospital in melbourne where she remains in an induced coma . a man and a woman in their 20s, who were in the room at the time of the crash, are in geelong hospital with minor injuries .
seven-car maglev hit a top speed of 375mph (603 km/h) and travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph (600km/h) during a test run near mount fuji . it beat last week's speeds of 366mph (590kph), which in turn beat the train's previous 12-year record of 361mph (581km/h) the train is able to go this fast because it uses a charge to lift and move it above a guideway .
elena curtin of portland, oregon, was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault . she struck her boyfriend's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in november 2014 . prosecutors dropped the charge on monday because curtin was 'completely justified in her outrage' .
police are hunting for kellie cherie phillips, 38, and jondrew megil lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict, after tying the couple to a case of horrific child neglect . a 3-year-old girl was found dead and a 4-month-old girl was so badly neglected by her 17-year-old mother that the child was hospitalized in critical condition . the 17-year-old was taken into custody wednesday, after police were alerted by hospital officials to the condition of
stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the 'relentless' 24-hour news networks anymore . 'i live in a constant state of depression. i think of us as turd miners. i put on my helmet, i go and mine turds, hopefully i don't get turd lung disease,' he said . stewart also confessed that his 'moments of dissatisfaction' with the show had started to become more frequent .
sean donohoe, 30, from tamworth, plundered the pensioner's accounts . he spent £28,500 on trips to the snowdome and lavish meals out . he even persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap the benefits . he then secretly took out two life insurance policies, both of which named him as the beneficiary . the builder has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting fraud and theft .
martin o'malley and jim webb share a stage at the polk county democrats awards dinner . o'malley is a former mayor and maryland governor who seems most at home at events . webb is a decorated vietnam war veteran and former senator from virginia .
between 2011 and 2051, the uk's population will rise from 63.4 million to 77.4 million . white britons will increase by almost three million, but minority population will increase more than three times faster . by midpoint of 21st century minority ethnic communities will make up 24.3 per cent of the total population .
brian stow was beaten and left for dead outside the la dodgers' stadium . the father-of-two was left in a medically induced coma for several months . two men jumped him and kicked and punched him until he fell to the ground . mr stow was promised the honour of pitching the first ball of the new season .
barcelona defeated paris saint-germain 5-1 on aggregate in the champions league . luis enrique's side have a combination of experienced stars and blossoming talent . neymar has the blend of cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi in his skillset .
trophy room at sandringham was a relic of a bygone era . now every last piece of hunting memorabilia has been removed from display . items include an indian tiger, a leopard, skins and tusks . even the blood-red walls have been painted white, as if to make clear the break with the past .
ana granucci davis, 28, wife of st petersburg chef aaron davis, 31, gave birth to their son andrew aaron lawrence on tuesday . mr davis, head chef at the kitchen, was fatally struck by 25-year-old jason lanard mitchell on saturday around 2am . mitchell faces several charges including dui manslaughter, vehicular homicide, aggravated fleeing and eluding .
abijath desikan, 35, was arrested following the 7.5 hour siege at riverside quay . he was charged with one count of armed robbery, false imprisonment and assault with a weapon . the man, of no fixed address, faced an out of sessions hearing and was remanded in custody . the 27-year-old female employee held in the restaurant emerged with police shortly afterward .
dan potts opened the scoring for west ham before an own goal doubled their lead . olivier ntcham pulled back a goal for manchester city but it was not enough . patrick vieira's side were missing a number of players preparing for monday night's fa youth cup final second leg against chelsea .
home secretary theresa may said the tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with europe, including curbing access to benefits . unemployed eu migrants in britain will be banned from receiving state support, and would be deported if they do not get a job within six months of arriving . for those in work, they would be barred from claiming handouts like housing benefit or tax credits until they have been in the uk for four years .
christopher swain wore a protective yellow suit as he went over a railing and into the water around 2pm wednesday in brooklyn . he swam about an hour into the canal in a stunt to urge environmental clean up that ultimately succumbed to the water's pollution . the 19th-century canal was once a major transportation route, but it's now so polluted that it must, by law, be cleaned up .
alondra luna nunez, 14, was taken from her family in guanajuato, mexico, in 2007 . dorotea garcia convinced authorities that alondra was her daughter, despite her family's pleas and evidence . a video of alondra being forced into a police car last week showed her screaming and fighting with every ounce of her energy . she is now back with her real family after a dna test proved that she was not garcia's daughter .
crystal palace winger wilfried zaha posted a photo on instagram on wednesday . zaha has been in fine form for the eagles since joining in february . the 22-year-old helped his side defeat premier league strugglers sunderland 4-1 on saturday .
alan barnes was left too scared to return to his gateshead home earlier this year . the 67-year-old was knocked to the ground by mugger richard gatiss . a fund was set up by local beautician katie cutler, 21, which raised £330,000 . mr barnes was today handed the keys to his new two-bedroom terrace house . he said it was 'fantastic' to be in the house after receiving donations from around the world .
brazilian coach ze maria has been sacked by romanian side ceahlaul piatra neamt . ze maria was fired on wednesday after a poor run of form . the 41-year-old was reinstated the next day after owner angelo massone decided to 'give the coaching staff another chance' .
rachelle friedman chapman, 29, was paralyzed from the neck down after falling into a pool in may 2010 . she had no idea if she could carry a child and didn't know until she met college friend laurel humes . laurel, rachelle's husband and son, reached out to rachelle and chris on facebook to offer to be their surrogate . the baby girl will be born on april 18 near laurel's home in asheville, north carolina .
photographer johan bavman documented fathers taking full advantage of sweden's parental leave program . sweden mandates that 60 of the 480 days be "daddy months" or "partner months" if 60 daddy days aren't used, they are lost, reducing the maximum leave to 420 days .
deputy kerry kempink was responding to a burglar alarm call . he was stopped by two black rottweilers which were barking at him . within seconds he shot the first dog which was barking at him . he then turned his gun on the second which ran off . horrified owner shouted at kempink: 'he came right at me ma'am' pasco county sheriff's office has received death threats since video emerged .
protesters pack the streets of major brazilian cities, calling for the impeachment of president dilma rousseff . the protests are fueled by anger over a corruption scandal implicating politicians in rousseff's party .
paypal said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid . developer jonathan leblanc said that the next wave of passwords will be edible, ingestible or injectable . he said that passwords as they are now were not working and that users need to ‘harden it with something physical behind it’ . edible capsules could check the person’s glucose levels or blood pressure before beaming out encrypted data . other possibilities include silicon chips which are put under the skin and ‘wearable computer tattoos’ which send information via a wireless connection .
celine bisette, who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career, insists that she is neither 'damaged' nor 'deranged' .
real madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals atletico madrid on tuesday . barcelona face paris saint-germain in the champions league on wednesday . neymar will start for barcelona despite being substituted against sevilla .
beatriz paez was recording police activity when a deputy u.s. marshal smashed her phone . paez filed a complaint with police in south gate, california, but the police don't have authority over marshals .
netflix has 2,000 employees and a median salary of $180,000 . google comes in at no 13 and pays an average of $143,000 a year . nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector .
bunny ears, eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of new yorkers on sunday afternoon . jews, hindus, agnostics and atheists joined the masses for a walk on the mild, sunny day .
blackpool are in talks to sign austria defender thomas piermayr . the 25-year-old has been training with the championship club this week . piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for colorado rapids .
common is currently on screen with warners' liam neeson thriller "run all night" he was part of the cast for acclaimed civil rights movie "selma"
take that singer gary barlow surprised bride danielle jones with a ballad . he had promised to sing at their wedding reception in old windsor . bridesmaids kirsty miles and becky young had started twitter campaign . barlow then sent the bride a message saying he couldn't make her special day .
one child is dead after a car plunged off a road into los angeles harbor on thursday . two children were pulled from the submerged vehicle then hospitalized in grave condition where one later died . the car left a parking lot at the ports o' call entertainment area of san pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at berth 73 of the port of los angeles . the car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor, where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water .
arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi-finals at wembley on saturday . the gunners are the favourites to win the competition again . reading have never won the fa cup .
jesus told his twelve apostles to leave their day jobs and follow him on an itinerant mission . in the new testament, money gets 37 mentions, while "gold" gets 38 citations .
reddit thread, find boston bombers, was set up by moderator chris ryves . millions took to the subreddit in hopes of pinpointing bombing suspects . but in the days after the attack, users hurled false accusations at spectators . their claims led to 22-year-old missing student being wrongly identified as bomber . now, ryves has told of his regrets about subreddit in new documentary . he says thread almost became 'its own beast' in wake of april 15
robot was designed as an online shopping system that would spend $100 a week . it would randomly purchase an item offered for sale on the deep web . items it bought included trainers, jeans, a set of masterkeys and cigarettes . the dark net is a subsection of the internet that does not show up in searches or on social media .
hull city lost 3-1 to swansea at the liberty stadium on saturday . hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league . paul mcshane has told his team-mates it's time they woke up and realise they are in a relegation battle .
manchester city have not won at half-time in almost 20 years . last time city won having been behind at half-time was on april 17, 1995 . city's title hopes lay in tatters after monday's defeat at crystal palace .
bradley neil has received the backing of world no 1 rory mcilroy . the 19-year-old scot admits he may turn professional before september . mcilroy impressed neil during their practice round at augusta .
the study released on thursday by the centers for disease control and prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months . experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is full-term and healthy . the report is based on 2011 birth certificates from 36 states and the district of columbia, representing about 83 percent of the nation's births that year .
the rev. robert h. schuller died early thursday at a care facility in artesia, california at the age of 88 . in 2013, he was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment . the soaring, glass-paned crystal cathedral was sold to the roman catholic diocese of orange in 2011 . schuller lost a legal battle the following year to collect more than $5 million from his former ministry for claims of
reverend andrew dotchin, 58, was celebrating the end of lent at the wine bar . he was told there were health and safety concerns, because a glass could fall on his foot . the bemused grandad, a massive facebook and twitter fan, grinned: 'it's their loss'
mourners gathered at st peter's in northern france today . huge screens had been erected to show the ceremony for the many who could not fit inside the packed church . chloe had been snatched from a french playground in front of her mother isabelle hyart's eyes by zbigniew huminsk, 38 . the young girl was taken from outside her home after she playfully squirted him with a water pistol .
adrian peterson is to meet with the nfl to discuss his reinstatement . the minnesota vikings running back played once last season before being placed on the commissioner's exempt list due to a child abuse case . peterson's main bone of contention is said to be with chief operating officer kevin warren, whom the peterson camp claims attempted to keep him off the field last year .
derek murray, a university of alberta law student, accidentally left his headlights on all day . he was greeted by what may have been the world's friendliest note from a stranger when he returned to his car . he also found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead acura back to life .
paddy barnes and michael conlan will take on native opposition in maiquetia, venezuela, on saturday night . barnes and conlan are potentially one win away from qualifying for next summer's olympic games . the irish pair signed up with olympic qualification as their sole motivation .
the museum will be dedicated exclusively to the new york director . it follows the bronze statue that was made after his film, vicky cristina barcelona . the museum is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school, la llotja .
lucas akins scored both goals as burton albion beat morecambe 2-1 . damien mccrory saw his penalty saved by andreas arestidou . mark ellis scored as shrewsbury beat york city 1-0 .
joshua finbow, 23, craig stoner, 24, simon radford, 31, and darren smalley, 35, are accused of gang raping a young woman at a canadian barracks . the four men appeared in court in dartmouth, nova scotia, where they were given identical but unusual bail conditions . bail was set at over £2,000 for each of them but they also agreed to surrender their passports and live at the stadacona naval base in halifax .
twitter has officially rolled out its ‘retweet with comment’ feature . the tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages . this means that wordsmiths will get 116 characters to comment on a tweet . until now, twitter users had to embed tweets by cutting and pasting a url and then adding a comment, within the 140 character limit . but now the process is available at the touch of a button .
michael owen scored a hat-trick for liverpool against sheffield wednesday in 1998 . owen was the new kid on the block in the premier league . harry kane is dividing opinion on who will succeed owen .
the fire, reported shortly after 6pm saturday, was sparked by a cooking stove . the fire along the border of cities norco and corona, 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles, resulted in hundreds of people being told to evacuate the are area over the weekend . by midday, sunday, fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire, which had ravaged the area and grown to 1.6 square miles .
surge in support for the snp has left labour facing electoral wipe-out . jim murphy scored the winning goal in the friendly match in edinburgh . match organised to help motor neurone disease campaigner gordon aikman .
dale cregan has reportedly been moved from hmp manchester to ashworth . he was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and nicola hughes . source said: 'he's playing the system. if he's offered a move he likes, he will start eating' ian brady was sent to ashworth hospital over 30 years ago .
west bromwich albion are set to make a £3million move for neil taylor . swansea are willing to listen to offers for the wales international . tony pulis wants taylor to fill in at left back where he has struggled .
chief executive george whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready . he said it could begin test flights by the end of this year . its predecessor was destroyed in the mojave desert on 31 october 2014 . co-pilot michael alsbury was killed and pilot peter siebold was injured .
robert cusanelli of whdh-tv was banned from the bristol county courthouse and was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the 'purpose of reporting this case' two jurors told the court they saw someone watching them in a ford explorer and one took a picture of its license plate . cusanelli acknowledged that he followed the jurors, saying he made the decision to do so on his own to find out where jurors were parking .
carlos colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body . the remains of jonathan camilien, 26, including a torso and limbs, were found in a duffel bag near the campus of massachusetts institute of technology on saturday . colina previously worked out at the cambridge athletic club but was kicked out following a fight over gym equipment on november 24 . witness said colina started punching a much
amy murray, 23, rowed with fellow cinema-goers during a screening of the film . people in the row in front of her became annoyed at her for laughing at sex scenes . an argument broke out and murray hit jessica deadman, 23, with her hand . she was arrested and led from the cinema in handcuffs following the incident .
judy murray left newlyweds to it as they took to the floor at reception . judy's mother, shirley erskine, 80, said wedding was 'fantastic' and 'wonderful' she said: 'everybody's parting in dribs and drabs, so we're on the way home'
marc-andre ter stegen is keen to impress luis enrique in the champions league . the 22-year-old has failed to make his la liga debut for barcelona this season . ter stegen joined barcelona from borussia monchengladbach in may .
matt o'connor's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie . brandon tanev scored with 6:17 remaining to give the friars the lead . the friars won their first ncaa hockey title and third straight year a first-time champion has won it all .
the faa conducts tests on how quickly passengers can leave a plane . tests are conducted using planes with a 31 inch pitch between rows of seats . many economy seats on united airlines have 30 inches of space .
princess beatrice, 26, visited maple hayes school of dyslexia in litchfield . the engagement is her second in less than four days . she was in reading to open the town's talbot memorial garden .
sam allardyce's contract at west ham expires at the end of the season . co-owners david gold and david sullivan have a meeting planned for the end of may to discuss allardyce's position . west ham have already beaten their total in the premier league last season by two points with seven games to spare .
karlis bardelis, 30, from latvia, was attempting to scale the cliff in coire an lochain, scotland, when his climbing axe came loose . footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose . mr berdalis said: 'i was just thinking "i hope i land somewhere soft and don't break any bones".'
sunderland host newcastle in sunday's tyne-wear derby . john carver says he will 'whip' his players to motivate them . newcastle have lost the last four matches against sunderland .
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley . kolo toure admitted steven gerrard was 'sad' but also felt sorry for fans . brendan rodgers became the first liverpool manager since the 1950s .
ed sheeran visited jess knight in auckland hospital for her 20th birthday . ms knight was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia two weeks after buying tickets for sheeran's concert in october . she was forced to give up her tickets due to chemotherapy and a bone marrow transplant . sheeran crashed ms knight's birthday party in hospital in between shows . ms knight said she 'couldn't stop smiling' following the memorable visit .
rory mcilroy is favourite to win the masters at the age of 25 . mcilroy is the sixth player to win all four majors at the age of 25 . tiger woods completed the career grand slam at the age of 24 .
chrystie crownover, the daughter of a mormon minister, told how jenner first opened up to her when they married in 1972 . 'he opened up his heart and confessed he had to share this deep dark secret. he had to be a woman. i was speechless, i didnt really know what to say. i was pleased that he shared that intimacy with me,' she said . bruce, who has a son burt, 36, and a daughter cassandra, 34, with chrysti
excrement thrown at statue of cecil john rhodes sparks wave of protests . statues of queen victoria and george v splashed with paint in port elizabeth . war memorials were also defaced and a bronze rider was toppled . vandals also smeared paint on figure of young mohandas gandhi .
listeners say vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions . branded problem ‘irritating’, ‘annoying’ and ‘frustrating’ and said it was ruining their enjoyment of the programmes . shows such as dad’s army and hancock’s half hour have all fallen foul of problem . bbc blames problem on the system it uses to record programmes .
frances clarkson, 53, spent easter weekend with friends and family in barbados . she has previously holidayed in the caribbean with the 54-year-old broadcaster . the pair, who have two daughters and a son, are said to have lived apart .
tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor's £100,000-per-week wages . the striker is out of favour at white hart lane under mauricio pochettino . adebayor has made just nine league starts for spurs this season .
mils muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following connacht's 14-7 defeat by gloucester on friday night . muliaina was hauled away by police and led to a police van . the kiwi veteran has made 11 appearances for connacht so far .
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in the champions league on wednesday . pep guardiola's trousers tore at the top of his leg during the game . l'equipe lead with a 'giant' evening approaching for monaco . barcelona 'fly into the semis' while monaco face juventus .
hannah campbell, 30, suffered shrapnel wounds to her womb in basra . shrapnel damaged her womb, blinding her in one eye and shattering her leg . doctors told her she would never be able to have another child . she has battled new agony after twice nearly dying from a mystery illness . her partner anthony mcmorrow proposed to her on valentine's day last year .
aston villa owner randy lerner was expected to attend wembley on sunday . but lerner's aunt passed away and he didn't attend the game . lerner has been trying to sell the club since last may .
chef jacques lamerde - which roughly translates to 'jack sh--' - the account pokes fun at high-end dining by dressing up cheap, fattening, convenience store goods .
ap mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before retiring . cheltenham gold cup winner andrew thornton says mccoy is 'unique' . thornton says mccoy 'loves to be in 100 per cent control' .
southampton are punching heaviest above their weight in the premier league . saints are only ranked 16th in the top flight in terms of their wage bill . chelsea are only the third-highest payers with a wage bill of £192.7m . manchester united (£215.8m) and manchester city (£205m) are 10 points clear at the top of the table .
gary lincoln, 48, was working in a house in cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist . he put in in his sleeve 'to hold everything together' and was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month . orthopaedic surgeon aso mohammed re-attached the fractured bones using a plate and screws .
sean jefferson, 45, and elizabeth jowitt, 37, decorated flat with trinkets . items were looted from graves of babies, grandmothers and grandmothers . couple admitted handling stolen goods at york magistrates' court . given 47-week curfew and restraining order banning them indefinitely .
claudia lawrence was 35 when she vanished on march 18, 2009 . her father, peter, reported her missing after she failed to turn up to work . detectives questioned a man in his 50s in march in connection with her murder . the trio have been released on bail but proceedings remain active .
lisa courtney, of hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting memorabilia . the 26-year-old holds the guinness world record for the largest collection . her mother had to move from the largest to the smallest room in the house .
deion sanders jr. wrote on twitter thursday; 'gotta get the hood doughnuts almost every morning. if my doughnuts don't come in a plain white box, i don't want them!' then, seeing this tweet, dad deion sanders decided to have a little fun with his son, writing back; 'you're a huxtable with a million $ trust fund stop the hood stuff! lololol. son. #truth'
jeremy clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the bbc . top gear live shows have been rebranded from top gear live to clarkson, hammond and may live . they will not feature any top gear branding, show any footage from programmes or feature the stig . the global tour of the motoring looked like it may face the axe following clarkson's hotel fracas with producer oisin tymon over a steak dinner .
fossils of a creature bearing a 'striking' similarity to depictions of nessie were found in a 19th century collection at inverness museum and art gallery . they belong to a species known as pterichthyoides milleri - or 'pessie' as it has been christened . the creatures roamed earth's freshwater lakes during the paleozoic era, between 542 million and 251 million years ago .
cathay pacific forced to cancel scheduled flight from london to hong kong . one of the pilots was arrested after trying to board the airliner with knives in his luggage . cathay pacific said it would cooperate with authorities .
jacob hall, from iowa, asked australian reddittors to make a recording from the tooth fairy for his son, evan . evan, 7, believes the tooth fairy lived thousands of kilometres down under for him when he was late paying up the last time around . father-of-three jeff pyrotek, from seymour in victoria, answered mr hall's call for help and uploaded his finished product on soundcloud .
lamborghini gallardo careered into a tree and smashed a concrete bollard . it also lost a wheel which came flying off, missing a child and her grandfather . onlookers claimed the owner of the supercar said he would buy another one .
scientists found 50 per cent of pensioners panicked and sold investments . those who sold at lowest point eight years ago would only have £63,000 today . if they resisted temptation to sell, same pot would be worth £141,000 today . comes days before retirees given power to decide how to spend savings .
yingying dou ran the website which charged up to $1000 per assignment . the university of sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the mymaster website . internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating . a university spokeswoman said 'substantially more than the reported five students' are currently under investigation . two students from the university of newcastle have been expelled and eight have been suspended .
maysak is now a tropical storm, the philippine weather service says . it's expected to make landfall sunday on the southeastern coast of isabela province .
a business called edward’s snow den has appeared in the us president’s hq . it was listed as a snowboard shop, open between 5am and 11pm . several reviews appeared underneath the listing, including one which gave it a five star rating and described it as a ‘great source of classified information’ .
the national guard was first activated in ferguson in august after missouri governor jay nixon declared a state of emergency . riots and looting broke out amid peaceful demonstrations over police brutality . guardsmen were seen rolling through the streets of the suburb in tanks wearing combat gear and carrying assault rifles .
two costa cafes will open less than 500 yards apart in windsor, london . less than 500 yards away is a costa which replaced a cycle shop earlier this year . there will be two costas just a brisk five-minute walk apart, plus the costa express at a petrol station between them .
sergio aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season to put manchester city 2-0 up against west ham at the etihad . david silva and jesus navas also on target for manuel pellegrini's side . james collins scored an own goal to give west ham the lead in the 18th minute .
manchester city are preparing bids for raheem sterling, ross barkley and jay rodriguez as part of a summer anglification of their squad . the club are aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level with the departure of frank lampard and uncertainty over james milner's future exacerbating the problem . sterling is valued at £50m but could buy out the final year of his contract for £1.7m .
armed men stormed the dark and gritty site where corinthians' fan group pavilhao 9 meets underneath a highway overpass . they ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head . an eighth man was shot but tried to escape, reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died . detective arlindo jose negrao ruled out a fight between rival fan groups .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 1-0 on aggregate in the champions league . javier hernandez scored the winning goal for madrid in the 88th minute . raphael varane filmed the team's entrance to the santiago bernabeu .
dr xiao-ping zhai has been helping women conceive for decades . she uses only traditional chinese medicine to help them conceive . dr zhai says she has helped a thousand women become pregnant .
arsenal host liverpool at anfield (saturday 12.45pm) everton host southampton (saturday 3pm) leicester city host west ham united (3pm) manchester united host aston villa (3pm) swansea city host hull city (3pm) west bromwich albion host qpr (3pm) chelsea host stoke (5.30pm) sunderland host newcastle united (4pm) on sunday .
ronnie o'sullivan has openedly questioned his commitment to snooker . the world no 2 admits that waiting makes his mind wander . o'sullivan is widely regarded as one of the most naturally talented players in history .
atlanta-based writer alex gray, 27, lost 160lbs over the course of 20 months . he had an insatiable appetite 'as an only child with unabated access to nearly everything' by the time he was in college, he found himself struggling with physical intimacy because of his size .
tory leader set out ambition that three in five new jobs should be created outside london and the south east to prevent a ‘reckless’ economy booming in the capital . he said recovery must be seen in every part of the country and not just ‘on the screens of the traders in the city of london’ .
england drew 1-1 with italy at the juventus stadium in turin on tuesday night . the squad had originally been set to leave northern italy immediately after the game but their flight home was delayed due to a technical issue . wayne rooney, joe hart, phil jagielka, jordan henderson, michael carrick, fabian delph and jack butland were among the party leaving the plane in manchester . roy ho
chelsea allowed the trophy to be displayed at stamford bridge for the bbc . the premier league agreed to a request from the bbc to film the trophy . however, the big prize was not seen by members of the public .
residents living near kingston road in stockton say it has been given a makeover . they say it will look 'completely different' to anyone visiting after show . last year viewers were split in opinion with many accusing producers of promoting 'poverty tourism' but housing association said the works had been planned well in advance .
ap mccoy claimed victory in the grade one aintree hurdle on thursday . mccoy rode jezki to victory after ruby walsh fell at the final hurdle . arctic fire had finished runner-up on his last in the champion hurdle .
more than 10,000 people have arrived from libya since last weekend alone, says italian coast guard . moammar gadhafi was in control of the flow of migrant ships from libya to italy . the flow of migrants from north africa exploded again after gadhafi was overthrown .
nasa's new horizons sends back its first color image of pluto . pluto is 40 times as far from the sun as earth is . new horizons will make its closest approach to pluto on july 14 .
delta air lines flight 2522 touched down at laguardia airport in new york . an odour of smoke was detected by the flight crew moments after landing . firefighters used a thermal imaging camera to locate a potential heat source .
a grinning ri sol-ju, wearing what appeared to be a wedding ring, was pictured clapping next to her smiling husband kim jong-un . the couple watched a men's football match at kim il sung stadium on monday . the match was being held as part of a lavish series of events celebrating the 103rd birthday of kim il-sung .
andy erlam has announced he will stand to be the next mayor of tower hamlets . he led four ordinary voters to have lutfur rahman unseated from office . rahman was found guilty of rigging his election by systematic campaign . mr erlam said: 'there is a danger that rahman's cronyism and corruption will continue' .
at the kimpton hotel chain in the us, staff will put a pet goldfish in your room . at the namale resort & spa in fiji, couples are 'kidnapped' for a picnic . at the club hotel & spa in st. barts, a 'best man for hire' is available .
"mad men" begins its eighth season sunday . the show has become a symbol of the times .
romanian company mb telecom has revealed the roboscan 2m aeria . it uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside . the device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb . but the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet . it is already being used to check trucks at eastern european borders .
jack dellal gambled £1.7million in a single night in mayfair and monaco in 2006 . his widow, ruanne, 61, says he was worth at least £400million when he died . mrs dellal is suing six of his children, including son guy and sister violet . claims he must have given chunks of fortune in secret deals to his family . mrs dellal's own assets have been valued at £41.5million .
marathon season is in full swing with the london marathon set to take place a week on sunday . femail writer and marathon runner lucy waterlow tested out the latest adidas ultra boost trainers . aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow (thursday) with trainers available for the budget price of £19.99 .
patrick bamford has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season . he is on loan from chelsea and wants to fight for his place at stamford bridge . bamford is the championship's player of the year .
one nation leader pauline hanson went on the attack on sunday saying that imposing halal certification on australians was wrong . she also said that the public were being 'hoodwinked' over the issue . ms hanson was asked for her views on businesses 'going to the wall' if halal certification of food products was scrapped .
queen's cousin, 79, injured himself while staying at balmoral estate . taken to aberdeen royal infirmary on easter monday and discharged today . buckingham palace said he had been 'successfully treated for dislocated hip'
bernie madoff is serving 150 years in prison for $65 billion ponzi style fraud . new book claims he put pressure on an israeli model to sleep with him . he is said to have met dealer silvio eboli at a christmas party in 1997 . eboli is believed to have never confronted madoff but warned he would injure him if he ever crossed the line with his girlfriend .
mario ambarita clambered into the wheel housing of the garuda indonesia flight . the 21-year-old was in a dazed state when he crawled out of the wheel housing . he had left home in bagan batu to look for work in pekan baru, sumatra .
robert bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting of eric harris . bates fatally shot harris instead of stunning him with a taser on april 2 . a 2009 inquiry found that bates was shown special treatment and that training policies were violated .
essex and gloucestershire councils have already implemented the maps . they allow them to target 'danger zones' of loneliness . being lonely can lead to problems such as dementia and high blood pressure .
romelu lukaku has joined agent mino raiola at everton . roberto martinez is not concerned about lukaku joining raiola . raiola is one of the most influential agents in the game . psg's zlatan ibrahimovic, paul pogba and mario balotelli are among his clients .
dozens of foreigners have volunteered to fight isis in iraq and syria . u.s. military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies .
lazio defeated napoli 1-0 in the coppa italia semi-final on wednesday . senad lulic scored a late winner to set up a final against juventus . holders napoli went into the match as favourites after drawing 1-1 away in the first leg of the semi-final .
michael kimmel, 40, was taken into custody by kentucky state police on monday evening after they received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider . trooper j. gabbard's report says that kimmel was ordered to stop, but instead dismounted and ran away wearing only a brown hat, jeans and boots . kimmel would not take a sobriety test and refused a breath and blood alcohol test .
harrowing images of the killing are being shared by bloodthirsty supporters of the terror group on social media . one of those distributing the images is a man claiming to be a british militant fighting for the terror group . the gruesome photographs are understood to have been taken near tikrit in iraq's salah al-din province .
the dramatic, up-close images, captured by a bornean student, show the incredible power of the tiny creature . the weaver ant balances the centipede which is much larger and heavier but ultimately helpless in the insect's grasp . student frenki jung, 17, from borneo captured the hilarious images in his front garden at home .
tehsin nayani spent six years as spokesman for glazer family . nayani's book, 'the glazer gatekeeper: six years speaking for manchester united's silent owners' challenges popular perception about glazers . family wanted united to overtake chelsea and were never serious suitors .
so far, search teams have covered about 60% of the priority search zone . if they haven't found anything by the time they've covered the entire 60,000-square-kilometer zone, the search will stretch into a new equally vast area . the size of the doubled search area, the equivalent of more than 46,000 square miles, would be bigger than the u.s. state of pennsylvania .
ben affleck lobbied producers to remove references to slave owner benjamin cole . cole was a slave owner in georgia in the mid-1800's . producer henry louis gates apparently acquiesced to affleck's request .
obsidian can produce cutting edges finer than even the best steel scalpels . a small number of surgeons are using an ancient technology to carry out fine incisions . obsidian is a type of volcanic glass -- a type of volcanic glass .
china's biggest auto show opens in shanghai this week . only models on display will be those with four wheels .
pm said voters were not 'fully sure' about the tories at the last election . but he claimed they would back the party this time if he does not win a majority . he said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority, before adding: 'if i fall short of those 23 seats i will feel i have not succeeded'
vidarbha, in western india, is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis . more than 500 farmers have died since the start of this year . last year was a record year for cotton production, resulting in a glut of cotton on the world market .
billy-anne huxham, 18, was forced into a car outside a caboolture home, north of brisbane, on tuesday morning . she was reportedly woken up, attacked with a machete and taken from her home . detectives are searching for her former boyfriend carl garry chapman, 32 . they believe she was taken in a silver 2014 mitsubishi outlander with the queensland registration 789vni .
three cars were broken into and damaged during ladbrokes challenge cup defeat by hull kr on sunday . bradford bulls are appealing for witnesses .
esteban cambiasso joined leicester city from inter milan last summer . cambiasso says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy . foxes are rock bottom of the premier league table .
hiroshi ueda invented the extender stick in 1983 while working for minolta . he came up with the idea after having his camera stolen by a child . mr ueda said he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in europe . now the extender stick is available on accessory geeks for just $23 (£16)
hearts host celtic in the scottish championship on sunday . robbie neilson insists he will only sell his players if it is right for the club . ronny deila admits danny wilson is on his list of potential replacements .
east lancashire railway’s award-winning 1940s weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast’s calendar . the isle of wight’s walking festival offers the ideal chance to explore . head to the cotswolds olimpicks for english eccentricity at its finest .
mohammed emwazi, now known as jihadi john, planned to join al-shabaab . but he changed his mind after two of his friends were killed by isis . instead he travelled to syria where he joined islamic state, it is claimed . a syrian source says emwazi was obsessed with al-shabaab . he once confided in him that he planned to join somalia because somalia was too dangerous .
james may said top gear viewers who sent threats to sue perkins should 'kill themselves' perkins, a favourite to replace ousted jeremy clarkson, recently announced she was leaving twitter . the presenter quickly clarified: 'i don't actually want people to kill themselves but, really, we don't want them as fans'
tony tancock, 56, has won accolades for his specially-bred cavies . but he was devastated after a thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home . he stole 12 show-quality guinea pigs leaving more ordinary rodents behind . police investigating theft have not ruled out - a rival competitor .
the crowd tried to storm the club tsunami in the chilean capital santiago . the crush caused a structure inside the nightclub to fall killing three . seven people are in a critical condition with five treated for minor ailments . several people have been arrested in connection with the tragedy .
protests by japanese-american groups and star trek's george takei have led an east coast auction house to cancel a sale of 450 photos and artifacts from world war ii internment camps . the items were slated for public auction on friday at the rago auction house in lambertville, new jersey . the collection includes 63 photos of people of japanese descent who were imprisoned over fears they were spies and dozens of arts and crafts they made .
the weekend australian carried tributes to richie benaud on saturday . the daily telegraph had a special tribute edition with the headline 'a marvellous innings' next to a striking image of benaud during the 1961 ashes series . the age had a picture of benaud standing on a cricket field with the dates 1930-2015 .
the move proved an instant success as the $88 paisley asymmetrical dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz for the range . many of the posts generated more than 1,000 likes each, with several surpassing 5,000 likes and some reaching rarified levels like 13,000 likes . lord & taylor has admitted that it paid the bloggers to wear the paisley-print, handkerchief-hem dress .
benik afobe has scored 31 goals for mk dons and wolves this season . the striker is just one ahead of tottenham hotshot harry kane . afobe bagged 19 goals on loan at mk dons before january .
the eight-year-old girl who died in a horrific crash in nsw has been identified as piper . she was in the car with her mother, chantelle boddy, and two brothers when their holden astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road . piper's grandmother, helen boddy, was also in the vehicle at the time of the accident on wyee road near doyalson about 5.15pm on saturday . the national easter long weekend death to
queens park rangers host west ham at loftus road on saturday . chris ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep qpr up . ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep his side in the premier league .
extendedmind uses some american spellings but is based in britain . it offers coaching on how to look ‘authentic’ and tutorials on how to build alliances . ed miliband has always had a lectern at his side during the election campaign .
paula mckay was told her daughter natasha had suffered brain damage . when she became pregnant with her second child, less than two years later, she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated . when her son patrick was delivered at the same hospital, the same errors were made, leaving him severely disabled . ms mckay has won a 20-year legal battle to secure £13 million compensation .
the death of a 20-month-old toddler in central west nsw is being treated as suspicious by police . the infant was rushed to coolah district hospital by emergency services but died shortly after . police executed a crime scene warrant on wednesday .
grand rapids, michigan police have an arrest warrant out for suspect jalin smith-walker in connection to the monday evening fight . a bystander recorded a video of the fight between smith-walker and the victim, an unidentified fellow 19-year-old . it shows the two girls throwing up fists in the middle of a street in muskegon, michigan - coaxed on by a small crowd . when friends try to intervene, others tell them to give the girls space so they can continue fighting it out .
new horizons has taken its first colour image of pluto and its moon charon . the blurry image was taken from a distance of 71 million miles (115 million km) it is now just three months away from its historic encounter with pluto . on 14 july 2015, new horizons will become the first spacecraft ever to visit pluto .
sophomore tiffany gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush, junior luis velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers . gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called prader-willi syndrome (pws) that causes sufferers to have an insatiable appetite .
iranian supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei on thursday demanded that all sanctions on iran be lifted at the same time as any final agreement with world powers on curbing tehran's nuclear program is reached . khamenei was making his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the swiss city of lausanne . in remarks apparently meant to keep hardline loyalists in line, he warned about 'deceptive' intentions of the united states .
missao okawa was born on march 5, 1898 . she left behind three children, four grandchildren and six great grandchildren .
it was previously thought that the woolly mammoth simply died out from post-ice age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man . examination of more than 23,500 mammoth bones found them riddled with osteoporosis and lacking in calcium . the major mineral deficiency resulted in them breaking their limbs and spines, and left them unable to walk .
ed miliband repeatedly refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years . labour has previously predicted austerity programme would see crime soar . but in each case, the opposite has happened - and miliband was challenged . he said: 'i don't think that's a judgment people are going to make at the election'
dr. derek shepherd died after a car crash on "grey's anatomy" on thursday . patrick dempsey still has a year left on his contract .
dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all counts in the boston marathon bombing . aaron miller: the verdict isn't surprising, but there could be other young men like him .
the great wall of china was created in 500 bc to protect the country's northern border against foreign invasion . the wall attracts over 10 million visitors annually . private planes comes with plenty of legroom and leather interiors .
carrie fisher, 58, who is reprising her role as princess leia, and mark hamill, 63, who is luke skywalker, were arm-in-arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the december film was rolled out . not on hand was harrison ford, who is the franchise's han solo . producer kathleen kennedy explained the 72-year-old was 'resting' after miraculously surviving a march plane crash in los angeles .
kei nishikori beat pablo andujar 6-4, 6-4 in the barcelona open final . it was the ninth career title for the top-seeded japanese . gerard pique and shakira were in the crowd at the real club de tenis .
latvia-based drive eo has created a one megawatt electric race car . it is capable of producing 1020 kw (1368 horsepower) and speeds of up to 160 mph (260 km/h), compared to the top speed of 155 mph (249 km/h) on the model s . the car, dubbed eo pp03, runs on 50 kwh lithium-ion battery pack that drives six yasa-400 electric motors .
freddie gray, 25, was arrested on april 12 in baltimore and died a week later after he was pinned to a sidewalk by officers . he died on april 19 after suffering a severe spinal injury that may have been caused when he was shackled and driven to the police station in a paddy wagon without a seatbelt . baltimore police department rules were updated nine days before gray's arrest stating that all detainees shall be strapped in by seat belts or other device .
cristiano ronaldo scored 300th goal for real madrid in 2-0 win at rayo vallecano . portuguese international becomes only third player in madrid's history to do so . ronaldo has scored 18 times against sevilla since signing for madrid in 2009 .
the block's four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for april 28 . teams will be hoping to do better than the block glasshouse duo, including darren and dea . darren and dea pocketed just $10,000 for months of hard work and time away from their family .
leicester secured their second consecutive premier league win . jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner at the hawthorns . nigel pearson's side are currently bottom of the premier league .
bolton will offer new contracts to emile heskey, eidur gudjohnsen and adam bogdan . heskey and gudjohnsen joined on short-term deals in december . neil lennon has also fined barry bannan and neil danns two weeks wages .
facebook's sidebar status feature will let users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network’s mobile app . the sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen and brings up a user’s most messaged friends . there, they can see short updates such as 'making blueberry scones at home' and 'watching the game at home' facebook has started collecting information about the other websites users visit, the links they click on and their searches .
the federal court of australia has ordered internet companies to reveal names, ip addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who illegally uploaded the film . this includes their names, ip addresses and residential addresses . internet companies iinet limited, internode, amnet broadband, dodo services, adam internet and wideband networks were all affected by the ruling . justice nye perram did not signify any limit to the amount of damages that the copyright holder of the film could claim directly from each individual .
maggie rizer, 37, gave birth to her daughter cecilia kathryn nine weeks ago . the mother-of-three sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her two-year-old son quinnlann clancy on the beach .
rangers beat raith rovers 4-0 to move three points clear of hibernian . nicky law, nicky clark and haris vuckic scored for rangers . stuart mccall has warned his side to be on their guard against livingston .
chancey allen luna, 17, was found guilty of first-degree murder in the shooting death of christopher lane . lane was shot in the back while running along a city street in duncan, oklahoma, in august 2013 . the jury recommended that luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole . luna's defense lawyer contended that he meant only to scare lane when he fired the fatal shot from a passing car .
traditional easter eggs have undergone a dramatic makeover . femail looks at the most unusual eggs you can try this easter . from the marmite chocolate egg to the cheaster cheddar egg .
mitchelle blair, 35, from michigan, is charged with with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture . court officers carrying out a march 24 eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old stoni ann blair and 9-year-old stephen gage berry . blair used an expletive wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed . she also said alex dorsey was '
veteran scriptwriter keri davies said keeping a bed in the studio is essential . he added that parties in the fictional ambridge are limited to nine attendees . mr davies said having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing .
cressida, 26, dated prince harry for two years, after being introduced to him in 2012 by princess eugenie . the pair split last april, despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry . since then, she's starred in a west end stage play and is now destined to act alongside dame judi dench .
labour leader insists snp mps would not be able to dictate policy . comes after nicola sturgeon said labour could only govern with snp . ms sturgeon demanded end to cuts, higher welfare spending and hikes in minimum wage in return for propping up a labour government . but mr miliband rejected claims the snp would be 'calling the shots' if labour did not have a majority .
the golfer's girlfriend, bikini model alexis randock, had posted a photo on her instagram account of her and sister nicole on the beach last week . the photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' who was quick to judge and accused alexis of being a 'gold digger' 'must be nice getting s*** free in life and not have to work for it,' fowler posted .
graham palmer, 52, has been giving safety announcements since christmas . palmer customises his self-penned couplets according to the stations he passes through . the handyman has worked on trains since 2006 after a career working with glass and five years as a handyman for age concern teesside .
sunderland host newcastle in the wear-tyne derby on sunday . dick advocaat insists he will not underestimate the significance of the clash . rangers were thrashed 5-1 by celtic in the 1998 old firm derby .
pep guardiola will see out his three-year contract with bayern munich . karl-heinz rummenigge claims guardiola 'would not go to a club like manchester city' guardiola joined bayern in 2013 after winning 14 titles in four seasons at barcelona .
jessica silva stabbed and killed her abusive husband james polkinghorne on mother's day 2012 . she walked free from court last month, despite being convicted of manslaughter . jessica reveals on 60 minutes that 'my head is just full, i can't live with it, i need forgiveness' . mr polkinghorne could not understand why his son was killed .
the septum ring has been worn by lady gaga, rihanna and fka twigs . the process of piercing the wall between the two nostrils has been done for years . in india, and bangladesh, septum piercings are still very popular with women .
kinnelon police pulled up to an overturned car on a new jersey roadway . they cut off the seat belt and dragged the woman away from the wreck to start medical care . dawn milosky, 45, of beachwood, new jersey, was airlifted to morristown medical center .
robert bates, 73, became emotional as he apologized to the family of eric harris, 44, who he shot dead in tulsa, oklahoma on april 2 . harris was chasing after bates, who tried to subdue him with a taser, but was unaware he had pulled out his gun instead . bates turned himself in to police on friday and was charged with second-degree manslaughter .
manchester city beat manchester united 4-2 in the manchester derby . sergio aguero scored the opener after eight minutes at old trafford . mario balotelli gloated on twitter after the defeat for city . but the defeat was good news for his current club liverpool .
areas in washington, oregon and california would require more time to successfully evacuate for higher ground in the case of the next natural disaster . 94,872 residents and 42,424 employees live within the tsunami hazard zones of the three states . also in danger are 486 public venues, 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a 'significant customer presence' .
dimitar berbatov believes monaco are within reach of the champions league semi-final . the french side lost 1-0 to juventus in the first leg in turin last week . juventus travel to the principality with a slender advantage .
victoria prosser, 33, stood up and heckled david cameron during debate . she challenged pm because she wanted people to question '1% at the top' ms prosser said: 'there's homeless people on the streets that have been in services'
rishi khanal, 27, was saved after a french search and rescue team found him under the rubble . it took about 10 more hours for the french team and police officers to dig him out .
vin diesel predicts "furious 7" will win best picture at the oscars . but some argue that it goes against type because the cast is so diverse . the lack of diversity at the oscars was so glaring it spurred the twitter hashtag "#oscarssowhite"
boat fragment found off oregon coast . yellowtail jack fish found 4,000 miles away .
sebastian vettel won the malaysian grand prix in shanghai last week . it was ferrari's first win in 35 grands prix since fernando alonso's triumph . the four-time world champion says it was 'quite nice' to receive a hero's welcome at the team's factory .
stacey eden, 23, launched into a fiery spray at a muslim woman on a sydney train on wednesday afternoon . the ranter branded the woman 'all muslims isis supporters' and insulted the woman's husband and headscarf . ms eden rushed to the defence of the muslim couple with a fiery spray notably absent any swearing . a police spokeswoman said they would 'definitely encourage' witnesses to come forward .
protesters want to know what happened to freddie gray, and why he died . police say they caught him after finding a knife in his pocket .
12-year-old needed to be rescued after falling down an eight-foot drain . his leg was trapped for more than half an hour down the hole in peterborough . it is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position .
usain bolt wants to break his own 200-metre world record by running under 19 seconds . the jamaican will compete in the 'mano a mano' 100-metre event on sunday . bolt ran the 200 metres in 19.19 secs at the 2009 world championships .
house homeland security chairman michael mccaul revealed that capitol authorities had doug hughes, 61, in their sights and were prepared to open fire . hughes claims he informed the secret service and capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone . 'i don't believe that the authorities are going to shoot down a 61-year-old mailman in a flying bicycle,' said hughes of the latest embarrassment for white house and capitol security .
arnold palmer became the first man to birdie both the final two holes at augusta national to win the masters . sandy lyle's shot from the sand was so pure that it caught that famous downslope and rolled to within eight feet of the pin . phil mickelson's shot from 2010 probably tops his personal highlights reel .
north korean leader kim jong un has ordered the executions of 15 senior officials, a lawmaker says . the intelligence assessment comes from the south korean national intelligence service .
a 37-year-old man was in custody tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban detroit . the bodies of a 37-year-old woman, a 2-year-old girl and an 8-year-old boy were discovered by police monday night . the victims have been identified as christie fradeneck, her daughter celeste fradeneck and her son timothy fradeneck .
red squirrels have been spotted in windermere, in the lake district . experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area . since 1952, 95% of red squirrels have been wiped out in england and wales .
manchester university in indiana was on lockdown late friday night after a 'likely prank call' about an armed person near the main administration building . police said they received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate and was armed with a shotgun . indiana state police and a bomb squad responded to the incident, though left after deciding that it should be investigated as a likely prank call .
players of the online game are tasked with escaping syria and making it into europe . the syrian journey game, which is available on the bbc website, often leads to players dying . criticised by experts for turning suffering of millions into a 'children's game'
a 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty . a brisbane-based judge has given permission for the transgender boy to receive testosterone injections . the teen has been taking puberty blockers for a year and has worn a boy’s uniform for two years . he is one of many young australians who have to apply to the family court for the second stage of gender-changing treatment .
attorneys for the family said in a statement wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed thursday . brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer, darren wilson, in a st. louis suburb in august 2014 . wilson resigned in november and the justice department last month released a scathing report citing racial bias and profiling in the ferguson police department .
wigan warriors came out on top 12-4 in front of a spellbound capacity 24,054 crowd at the dw stadium . dom manfredi, joe burgess and matty smith scored tries for the warriors . it was a second successive defeat for saints, who began the season under keiron cunningham with six wins in a row .
newcastle owner mike ashley has been urged to invest in the club . thousands of fans stayed away from sunday's 3-1 defeat by tottenham . ashley has been warned he risks creating a lost generation of supporters . mark jensen, editor of online fanzine www.themag.co.uk, fears longer-term consequences .
a hooded angel with black wings appeared near the spot where walter scott was killed . the winged figure has been taken up as an icon of the black lives matter movement . creator phillip hyman grew up in the neighborhood where scott was shot and killed .
virginia roberts had hoped to join lawsuit involving andrew's friend jeffrey epstein . but judge kenneth marra ordered her claims should be struck from record . prince andrew is not mentioned by name in the ten-page ruling .
andy murray defeated dominic thiem 3-6, 6-4, 6-1 in the miami open semis . the world no 4 is into the finals of the tournament for the first time . murray believes british no 1s should use thiem's assimilation as motivation .
obama arrived in kingston yesterday evening and was met by prime minister portia simpson-miller, u.s. ambassador to jamaica luis moreno and a dozen other dignitaries . obama promptly embraced the local color by making an unscheduled late night visit to the museum . the president is in jamaica to meet the 15-member caribbean community bloc .
harry davies-carr, 11, and charlie davies-carr, 9, from buckinghamshire, star in clip . it was originally filmed for the boys' godfather who lives in america . it quickly went viral, amassing more than 816million views on youtube . harry said: 'it makes me laugh. i think it's a bit odd that loads of people have watched it'
andrea dossena arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in harrods . the 33-year-old was arrested at the knightsbridge store on tuesday . dossena scored winner against real madrid in champions league in 2009 .
west ham will have the cheapest pricing strategy in the premier league . co-chairmen david gold and david sullivan will use enhanced tv revenue to pass on savings to fans . the new tv deal starts in 2016 after sky and bt agreed to pay more than £5billion for domestic rights .
charlie adam scored one of the best goals of his career for chelsea . stoke lost 2-1 at stamford bridge as loic remy scored the winner . adam admitted he had mixed emotions after scoring the goal .
tottenham are willing to grant emmanuel adebayor a free transfer . the north london club pay the togolese £100,000-per-week . but the club would still like to receive a fee for the striker . adebayor is on the peripheries of mauricio pochettino's plans .
driss diaeddinn, 50, is believed to have shot four members of his family before taking his own life . police believe he bought a semi-automatic handgun and shot his brothers, 38-year-old reda diaeddinn and 56-year-old dodi fayed, and their mother, 76-year-old kenza benzakour . he then is believed to have gone upstairs to shoot dead his sister-in-law, meriem ben yahia, 26 .
chris brynarsky, a custom paint job expert, was shot and killed in october 2006 after an argument in his car detail shop in union county, north carolina . his friend mark cosentino repaired the bumper and wrote an inscription on the inside dedicated to his slain friend before reattaching it to the car . on good friday, john brynarsky was working on a car when he took off the bumper and found the message .
tony blair said he is 'absolutely not' in 'the league of the super-rich' the former pm said he has 'done british' and is now more interested in working at a 'global level'
arthur baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30am on friday on a residential street in south-eastern d.c. he has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property . the agency revoked baldwin's security clearance and put him on leave when the arrest emerged .
julie merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years . mother-of-three suffers severe liver cirrhosis and can barely speak . not a drop of alcohol has passed her lips since january - her longest spell . hopes her story will push government and society to do more to prevent britain's killer drinking epidemic .
the 46-year-old works out three times a week with her trainer, mandy ingber . sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning, followed by 45 minutes of yoga . when she stays at a hotel, aniston takes 3.6kg weights with her .
cctv footage shows monkey eyeballing a teenager from a ledge . he gives it the middle finger before the monkey launches itself at him . the teenager was left sprawled on his back and walked away unharmed .
rabie dardouna, 33, has been tricked into selling the door for £100 . painting, titled 'bomb damage,' was drawn on a metal door in gaza . it formed the last remaining part of a two-story house belonging to family . mr dardouna is now demanding the decorated door is returned .
the best sleep quality worldwide occurs on a wednesday night . more than half (58 per cent) of countries surveyed said they had the most restful sleep on this day . on tuesdays, americans wake at 7am and are in the worst mood all week . slovakia topped the list, while the uk was in 45th place . other countries that wake-up grumpy on tuesdays include singapore, spain, switzerland, south africa and brazil .
england failed to win the first test and cook failed in both innings . peter moores has been forced to defend his captain . jonathan trott looked frenetic and unconvincing on his return to the side 18 months after leaving the ashes tour .
the 250-piece lilly pulitzer for target collection sold out online and flew off shelves at stores shortly after debuting on sunday morning . mrs pulitzer died in 2013 at the age of 81 .
nancy dell'olio, josie gibson, jamelia and susanna reid have all stepped up to the plate for good morning britain's #selfieesteem campaign . women take an average of six selfies before posting one online and men take four . piers morgan and richard madeley are also stepping up to the plate .
alexis sanchez joined arsenal from barcelona last summer . the chilean forward has scored 22 goals in all competitions so far . sanchez has been nominated for the pfa player of the year award . he has singled out team-mate and fellow attacker santi cazorla for particular praise .
ailina tsarnaeva is the sister of dzhokhar and tamerlan tsarnaev . prosecutors charge her with aggravated harassment .
the jane doe was found in a wooded area in volusia county, florida, in april 1990 . the death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open . a forensic artist recently created a lifelike, computer-generated image of the woman’s face, which is the biggest development in the case in years .
godfrey elfwick was recruited to talk on the bbc world service programme . he tweeted that he had never seen the films and was a 'demisexual genderqueen muslim atheist' mr elfwick later confirmed he would be appearing on the programme . he said the films were full of social problems 'rooted in homophobia'
craig lister, 54, was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012 . he is now well and his tumours have shrunk . he is on hormone therapy which starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body - and has the side-effect of hot flushes .
india delivered 187 tons of supplies sunday, including 50 tons of water, 22 tons of food . india's prime minister narendra modi has made a special effort over nepal .
graphic signs telling visitors not to stop for a poo break have been erected in the municipality of lastres . no one knows who put up the signs, which show a squatting figure defecating within a red circle with a diagonal line across it . pilgrims will walk nearly 500 miles to the cathedral of santiago de compostela, where saint james the great is said to be buried .
bilal khaled accused of buying mural painted on door belonging to darduna family . rabie darduna, 33, says he was 'tricked' into parting with the valuable piece . graffiti shows greek goddess niobe weeping on a metal doorway . khaled said it will be stored at khan yunis public library until issue is resolved .
sandra garratt, 56, went through two years of agony after two back operations . not even morphine could dull the pain and doctors said it was the 'final straw' mrs garratt left her home in rowley regis, west midlands, on good friday . she told her husband she was 'popping out' but he became anxious for her welfare . hours later her body was found at the cornbow shopping centre .
atletico madrid drew 2-2 with malaga in la liga on saturday . fernando torres scored his first ever league own goal . antoine griezmann scored twice to earn diego simeone's side a point .
almost half of dog owners did not know ticks can transmit deadly diseases . lyme disease, a potentially fatal illness caught from tick bites, affects pets as well as themselves . symptoms may be so mild that someone who's been bitten may experience only flu-like symptoms . ticks that carry the bacteria responsible for lyme disease are found throughout the uk and in other parts of europe and north america .
dr omar saadi al-atraqchi, 42, cut peepholes in lynx shampoo bottles . he then emptied and dried them so he could hide his iphone inside . urology specialist then slid the device under the partition of cubicles . fitness instructor became suspicious when he heard plastic being rustled . al-atraqchi admitted four counts of voyeurism and was fined £500 .
lenny mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the southwest airlines flight from chicago to manchester, new hampshire on thursday . he described the attack by a female passenger to 'being stung by bees... owww!' the woman was removed from the flight following the air rage incident and put on a later flight out of chicago .
jamie carragher jetted out to watch his son play for the liverpool u12s . the former defender watched his son play in the mediterranean international cup . the tournament features over 200 clubs from 36 countries .
teller lake in boulder, colorado, has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 goldfish, which wildlife officials say started as someone dumping 'four or five' of their pets in the water two or three years ago . the animals have multiplied to over 3,000 or 4,000 and are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake, by eating up all their resources and spreading unnatural diseases . local officials are now considering two options - electroshocking the fish or draining the lake completely .
chelsea host manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday . oriol romeu is currently on loan at bundesliga side stuttgart . sportsmail's martin keown predicts the scores for the weekend's matches .
windsor park suffered overnight damage to its west stand on monday . the irish fa are awaiting a report from structural engineers . northern ireland's next euro 2016 qualifier is against romania in june .
iona costello, 51, and daughter emily were last seen on march 30 . their car was found in a manhattan parking garage but they left no trace . george costello jr, 45, has a long history of drug arrests .
st catherine's island, off the coast of tenby, pembrokeshire, can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide . but tomorrow, planners are due to approve a new footbridge, which will stretch more than 328 ft (100 metres) this connector will open up the island from the coast of tenby for the first time .
harry kane and eden harzard lead nominations for young player of the year . thibaut courtois, david de gea, raheem sterling and philippe coutinho complete the list . last year's winner eden hazard has been nominated for the award again .
freddie sears opened the scoring for ipswich in the 8th minute . cole skuse doubled the lead in the 29th minute . cardiff defender bruno ecuele manga tried to stop the striker . daryl murphy wrapped up the win with a third goal in the 90th minute .
london-based keyboard app firm swiftkey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data to learn how 16 different languages and regions use emoji . happy faces, including winks, kisses, smiles and grins were the most popular across all regions, making up 45 per cent of all the messages studied . in the us, gadget users send 30 per cent more lgbt-related emoji than the average, including a rainbow, men holding hands or women holding hands .
splatters of blood were from an astronaut as he frantically battled to close the hatch door of the spacecraft after a historic venture . but the gemini 4 mission of june 1965 proved successful, and paved the way to astronauts walking on the moon for the first time four years later . a complete 13-page checklist from the gemini 4 mission is tipped to sell for £80,000 ($120,000)
a jury in placerville, california, took less than two hours on wednesday to return a guilty verdict for first-degree murder against colleen ann harris . robert harris, 72, was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple's home in 2013 . colleen harris could get 50 years to life when she is sentenced on june 5 .
david villa has joined mls newcomers new york city fc . former club atletico madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals real madrid . villa has been named club captain and is enjoying life in new york .
listeria monocytogenes can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections . listeria can also cause miscarriages and stillbirths among pregnant women .
miranda ashley calvin, 19, of gresham, oregon, was arrested on sunday afternoon . calvin allegedly hit 49-year-old jerrie ann hornig with her car . when police arrived at the scene at about 8.30pm on saturday night, she was found dead . a white mercedes benz had been spotted fleeing the scene . calvin was booked on manslaughter, felony hit-and-run and reckless driving .
liverpool face blackburn in the fa cup quarter-finals on wednesday . steven gerrard will leave anfield at the end of the season to join la galaxy . robbie fowler says liverpool's players must not focus on gerrard .
harry kane became the youngest premier league captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days . tottenham went into the match looking to get back into the race for champions league qualification after liverpool's loss . kane was captain for tottenham hotspur at turf moor .
police in hagerstown, maryland, are promising a thorough investigation into the death of a man in custody after officers shocked him with a stun gun outside a home he allegedly had broken into . the man died either inside an ambulance, accompanied by two officers, or at the hospital where he was pronounced dead shortly early friday morning . the man was not carrying identification but police were later able to identify him as darrell lawrence brown, 31, of upper marlboro, maryland . brown was black and all five officers involved are white .
rangers lost 3-0 to queen of the south on thursday night . stuart mccall has led his side to three successive wins . the former motherwell boss insists he is loving life at ibrox .
spain lost 5-1 to holland in a friendly at amsterdam arena on tuesday . vicente del bosque's side struggled to find the back of the net . stefan de vrij and davy klaassen scored for holland .
chad mendes and ricardo lamas meet in fairfax, virginia on saturday . mendes' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the brazilian king . lamas dropped a decision to aldo when the two met in february last year .
rotherham fielded derby defender farrend rawson after his youth loan expired . the football league maintain the paperwork for his extension wasn’t handled properly . rotherham have until may 1 to appeal the decision .
architect and photographer yener torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of istanbul . the 32-year-old spends his time wandering around the city looking for bold geometric buildings to photograph .
the milat letters, is a compilation of 94 notes from milat to his eldest nephew alistair shipsey . milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in nsw between 1989 and 1992 . in the letters, he tells shipsey about his 'fair share' of 'sheilas', who write 'some frightening things' . shipsey, 55, a former rebels bikie gang member, has been banned from visiting milat in prison .
the maker of clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean . but the corporate twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces that have been added to the symbols people can use in emails and text messages . some users blasted the company for what they said was a 'racist' tweet .
swedish passports are among most frequently sold in underground trading . canadian passport displays colourful images under ultraviolet light . finnish passport displays a walking moose when pages are flipped .
marland yarde scored a crucial try in harlequins' win over gloucester . the 22-year-old was overlooked by england in the rbs 6 nations . harlequins winger charlie walker crossed for his side's first try .
31 baggage handlers at miami international airport have been arrested for theft since 2012, including six this year . this as it is revealed that airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014 . in 2013, el al airlines set up a hidden camera at that airport, and found workers stealing cash, jewelry, iphones and ipads . in los angeles, 16 airport workers were fired last year after police obtained search warrants for their homes .
tourist police officers samuel kvarzell, markus asberg, eric jansberger and erik naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the uptown 6 train this wednesday . a video of the selfless act then surfaced and gained them attention from hoards of fans, both male and female . officials from the united states and sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes .
rubi light schooled over aintree-style fences on saturday under big race jockey andrew lynch . rubi light had the option of running friday’s shorter topham chase . richie mclernon has been confirmed for the mount on emma lavelle’s court .
jermain defoe scored a stunning 45th-minute volley to give sunderland a 1-0 lead against newcastle united . the former tottenham striker's volley was blown by mike dean shortly after . newcastle goalkeeper tim krul was unable to do anything about defoe's volley as he watched it fly into the net .
barronelle stutzman, 70, was fined $1,000 in march for refusing to serve same-sex couple robert ingersoll and curt freed with flowers for their 2013 wedding . ingersoll asked for the flowers, but the devout southern baptist told him her 'relationship with jesus christ' wouldn't allow her to do the wedding . after they were refused flowers, ingersoll and freed got married in their home with 11 guests and flowers from another florist . supporters compare 
a poll of 2,000 britons found that 68% had hurt themselves doing diy . two in five had injured their back, one in five had cut themselves . one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes . but many admit they know where they are going wrong .
premier league and football league to hold minute's silence on saturday . bradford fire killed 56 supporters during third division match in 1985 . 265 people were injured as fire ripped through valley parade's main stand . football league supporting efforts to raise £300,000 for the plastic surgery and burns research unit at the university of bradford .
'now that this is behind us, let's move forward together with a renewed commitment to the civility and respect that make this state great,' indiana governor mike pence said after signing his state's amended measure . the arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the state's republican governor asa hutchinson . hutchinson rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute on wednesday following public uproar and a personal plea from his son .
arsenal and liverpool fans protest against rising ticket prices . cheapest tickets for lunchtime kick-off at the emirates were £64 . protesters hope image of empty seats will raise awareness of rising costs of following their clubs .
arsenal were thrashed 6-3 by manchester city and 5-1 by liverpool last season . per mertesacker says bringing back the 'arguing culture' has helped . the german thinks confrontation can be vital for a teams mentality .
kelli jo bauer, 45, was arrested at her kansas city home after undercover officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes she was selling . bauer, who lives in a $900,000 home in overland park, advertised more than 1,000 items of high-end women's clothing on facebook . she is accused of selling the goods because she was a 'compulsive shopper' and had lost weight .
bayern munich face porto in champions league quarter-final on wednesday . bundesliga champions are hot favourites to reach last four . julen lopetegui has asked his team to call on 'ambition and imagination' .
prime minister will offer public £4 billion of lloyds bank shares if he wins election . individuals will be allowed to buy up to £10,000 worth of shares worth 78.7p . proceeds will be used to help pay down the national debt .
papiss cisse is newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals . dick advocaat's side are currently one point above the relegation zone . cisse has scored 11 goals this season - 10 of those were decisive .
mercury set to rise steadily until friday, when southern parts of england are forecast to hit 21c or higher . rome expected to peak at 16c (61f), athens at 16c (61f) and marseille at 18c (65f)
powers played keith anderson on the final season of "good times" he also had a regular role as "moochie" on the cbs detective drama show .
juventus beat monaco 1-0 in their champions league semi-final first leg . arturo vital gave the visitors the lead from the penalty spot in the first leg . juventus's andrea pirlo and carlos tevez equalised for the hosts . juventus will face bayern munich, barcelona and real madrid in the final .
baggage handler on alaska airlines flight 448 from seattle to los angeles woke up from a nap inside the plane's cargo hold on monday . he made a frantic 911 call begging the dispatcher to call for help . passengers heard banging and screams coming from the cargo section of the jet . luckily for the drowsy airport worker, he had better luck with passengers who heard his banging and screams .
two senior advisers said hillary clinton's campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families . president barack obama all but endorsed her saying 'i think she would be an excellent president' the strategy described by clinton's advisers has echoes of obama's 2012 re-election campaign .
bruce jenner told abc's diane sawyer and the world he's a woman . the social media reaction? a cheer, a shrug .
newcastle host swansea at st james' park on saturday . daryl janmaat likened the match to playing in the world cup semi-final . newcastle have lost their last six premier league games in a row .
riley filmer, 14, has been prevented from attending classes at mcclelland college, in melbourne's south-east, because her shoes do not meet uniform guidelines . the year eight student was prevented from attending her classes for the day, and has not been allowed back into the classroom since the incident . her mother anne parker has expressed her outrage over the 'ridiculous' situation . ms parker said her daughter needs a more practical and comfortable shoe to meet her needs .
jurgen klopp will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . klopp has won two bundesliga titles and reached the champions league final . like pep guardiola and jose mourinho, klopp has elevated himself into the realms of the cult manager .
ancient greek and latin sign erected outside university building in cambridge . message warns bikes will be 'removed or destroyed' if left behind building . lecturer dr rupert thompson said message contains grammatical errors . he said: 'it's definitely trying to be ancient greek but it's not quite'
goska spent some time volunteering at criadouro onça pintada in brazil . she has mixed with a number of exotic animals while there . one-year-old rescued jaguar, perseu, was captured on video being bottle-fed .
jack grealish was pictured inhaling nitrous oxide through a balloon . the 19-year-old starred for aston villa in their fa cup semi-final win over liverpool at wembley on sunday . tim sherwood told his young winger that such behaviour could not be tolerated by the club .
almost half of all britons believe camilla should become queen when prince charles accedes to the throne . 49% think camilla should take the traditional title of the wife of a reigning king . 35% believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to diana, princess of wales and 16% were undecided .
pakistan haven't played a test nation since the attacks on sri lanka's bus in march 2009 . no test playing nation has toured pakistan due to security concerns . lahore would host three one-day internationals against zimbabwe .
chris smalling is at the forefront of manchester united's resurgence . marlon samuels salutes ben stokes as he leaves the field of play . thomas muller climbs into the crowd with a loudhailer after bayern munich beat porto 1-0 at the allianz arena on tuesday . bob willis is one of the sharpest, bravest sky sports analysts .
toronto police officer luke watson dyed his hair hot pink in support of canada's day of pink, an annual event aimed at raising awareness about the lgbt community . a friend used spray-in hair color to transform luke's blonde locks to a shocking shade of fuchsia . the day of pink was born in nova scotia after two high school students intervened when a gay classmate was being bullied .
yazidi women and girls as young as eight have been kidnapped by isis fighters . they have been forced to marry and convert to islam and raped . one girl, 12, was tied up, beaten and raped for by seven different men . human rights watch study found campaign of systematic rape was tantamount to war crimes and possibly crimes against humanity .
in a leaked memo from the firm's angela ahrendts the retail chief said that customers won't be able to buy an apple watch in store 'through the month of may' due to 'high global interest combined with our initial supply' it was expected to launch on 24 april . the memo was seen by rhiannon williams at the telegraph .
david luiz suffered a torn hamstring against marseille on sunday . the paris saint-germain defender is out for at least four weeks . luiz posted an instagram picture sporting a new hairdo on wednesday .
marilyn zuniga, a teacher at forest street school in orange, new jersey, had her third graders write letters to mumia abu-jamal . the former black panther was serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner . abu-jamal was hospitalized last month for what his family said was treatment for complications from diabetes . he has since been released from prison .
jose luis gaya is wanted by manchester city, arsenal and chelsea . the 19-year-old has a £13.5m buy-out clause at valencia . he flies forward very much in the style of jordi alba and juan bernat . gaya is an attack-minded left-back who likes to get forward at every opportunity .
world war i soldiers' writings have been found under battlefields near naours, france . photographer jeff gusky chronicles the site in a portfolio he calls "the hidden world of wwi"
manchester united sit above city in the premier league table for the first time in 16 months after having played the same amount of matches . united beat city 2-1 in 2011 when wayne rooney scored an acrobatic overhead kick . manuel pellegrini's side are fourth in the premier league table .
silvia, star of my extraordinary pregnancy, suffers from pica . the eating disorder makes people crave non-food substances . silvia picks up rocks outside her house and hides them around the garden .
juarez launched the tourism campaign "juarez is waiting for you" u.s. rep. robert "beto" o'rourke of texas was one of those on a leg of the juarez tour . o'rourke speaks of a time when men, women and children were killed indiscriminately .
dozens of items from entertainer's estate will go under the hammer . jones died of a heart attack in 2012 at the age of 66 .
rudy gestede has scored 20 goals in the championship this season . the blackburn striker has put premier league clubs on alert . swansea, crystal palace, hull and west brom have all shown an interest .
shaun bryan, 23, dodged bullet which paralysed thusha kamaleswaran in 2011 . he was intended target of shooting that shocked britain in stockwell, south london . bryan has now been jailed for a separate crime in which he subjected two women to a 'ruthless attack' in their home .
foreskin facials, also known as hydrafacials, are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons in new york . the treatment, which costs around $150 (£100), uses stem cell from an infant's foreskin . one writer who had the treatment hailed its benefits and described her post-facial confidence as being at 'beyonce levels'
o'neill trains shutthefrontdoor for principal patron j p mcmanus . mccoy is about to gain his 20th consecutive jockeys' championship . o'neill hopes mccoy rides shutthefrontdoor to grand national success .
seven baby foxes were found in a cardboard box in a car park in pennsylvania . they were taken in by pocono wildlife rehabilitation and educational center . they are being bottle-fed special 'fox milk' and formula for the cubs .
cryos international, the world's largest sperm bank, is moving from new york to the central florida research park in orlando . the new site is yards from the university of central florida, which has an undergraduate intake of 52,000 each year . cryos supplies sperm online to all 50 u.s. states and 80 countries across the world .
royal commission into institutional responses to child sex abuse in rockhampton heard from alleged victims . a woman was gang raped by employees and then had a child at 14 years of age . a third victim claimed she was raped more than 100 times by parish priest reginald durham from when she was 11 . the rockhampton hearing started on tuesday and is expected to go until april 24 .
luis suarez scored 31 goals for liverpool last season . steven gerrard, daniel sturridge, phillippe coutinho and raheem sterling also played well . jordan henderson, martin skrtel and jordan henderson all played well .
shaun andrew mckerry, 31, burst into shildon post office and stores . he waved an axe as he demanded cash from assistant andrea brighty . but he did not see owner sab dhillon's rugby tackle which dropped him . as the men wrestled, mr dhillon's wife sam helped by hitting him twice . mckerry was jailed for six years at durham crown court today .
a gang of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at a 76 station in south los angeles around 12:15am on saturday . the group covered the white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside . the driver said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at the station . the los angeles county fire department is investigating the incident as an arson and the suspects remain at large .
mandy dunford, 54, was followed around her farm by kenneth ward, 67 . military historian even performed sex acts in front of her in north yorkshire . ward was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences . he has now been released from prison and allowed to return to his home . miss dunford said she feels forced to leave her home because he has been given more rights than the victim .
benjamin netanyahu said deal would 'legitimise' iran's nuclear programme . he said it would pave the way for tehran to build an atomic bomb . but israel, which fears an attack, issued a series of dire warnings .
west ham are interested in signing crystal palace midfielder james mcarthur . the hammers have been impressed by the 27-year-old's workmanlike displays . mcarthur joined palace in a £7million deal from wigan athletic last summer .
rosa camfield was born in june of 1913 and died monday at the age of 101 . her granddaughter, sarah hamm, 33, detailed her grandmother's life from tumultuous youth in the depression era to a difficult divorce in the 1950s . hamm said rosa was always happy and had lots of stories .
joshua van haften, 34, of madison, was arrested wednesday night at o'hare international airport in chicago after returning on a flight from turkey . he has now been charged in a criminal complaint with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization . the complaint alleges that van haften talked to people about his plan before leaving the united states in august for istanbul .
eight guards at nauru detention centre have been suspended . they were found to have posted anti-islamic messages on social media . the men were pictured with pauline hanson at a recent reclaim australia rally . some of the guards compared muslims to nazis and accused companies with halal-certified products of supporting terrorism .
michael rogan, 42, a former marine and devout churchgoer, died early on friday after the accident near the town of cleveland, wisconsin . his wife, niki, and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old, who were also in the car, suffered minor injuries . rogan was pronounced dead at st. joseph’s hospital in marshfield . niki, who managed to steer the van into a shallow ditch after the impact, gave birth a few hours later to
david de gea and victor valdes enjoyed a trip to a theme park on tuesday . the spanish pair donned sunglasses as they enjoyed some time in the sun . it comes just days after united's impressive derby win against manchester city .
christopher annan, 24, and tyrone wright, 20, jailed for attempted murder . they took part in a gun attack on tottenham turks gang member inan eren . the 35-year-old victim was ambushed as he arrived home in december 2012 . attack led by hitman jamie marsh-smith, nicknamed 'freddy' after the nightmare on elm street character .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on saturday . the world boxing council have launched a limited-edition jewellery range . fans will be able to buy 1,000 18ct gold pacquiao or mayweather commemorative rings . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
greg gibbins, 28, went into cardiac arrest after he was stabbed on monday . the rugby league club player went into cardiac arrest but later died . his 25-year-old friend became 'victim number two' and is in a serious condition . mr gibbins has prompted an outpouring of grief on his facebook account .
harry redknapp was at arsenal's 4-1 win over liverpool on april 4 . the former tottenham boss claims he was verbally abused by some fans . redknapp claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused . the 68-year-old is currently out of work after leaving queens park rangers .
paramedics found kyle hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in ambulance . crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man . they returned to find hargreaves and the girl lying on top of each other . when confronted by paramedic, hargreaves said: 'what's your problem? we are just trying to have sex' hargreaves, 18, then punched mr newman three times in the face, court heard .
researchers from the university of california santa barbara found the virus while exploring methane vents 2,800 feet beneath the surface of the ocean in japan . they discovered the bacteria that thrive on the fossil fuel deposits deep inside the earth - known as archae . virus causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the environment it finds itself in . this has allowed archae bacteria to adapt to harsh environments .
juan mata scored both goals as manchester united beat liverpool 2-1 . the striker also produced an impressive display against tottenham . mata has been excluded from the spain squad since the world cup .
britain has long seen prosecco as the second choice to champagne . now that's changing as uk sales overtook those of champagne for first time . by 2009 we were still only consuming two million bottles a year .
rolando aarons was in contention to play for newcastle's under 21s against derby . the 19-year-old has succumbed to injury once again ⁇  . moussa sissoko was sent off for newcastle against liverpool ⁇  .
amanda dobbins says lane bryant's new i'm no angel ad campaign doesn't show plus-size women of different proportions .
kim howe, 69, died after a four-way crash with bruce jenner on february 7 . mrs howe's two adult stepchildren are said to be considering a wrongful death suit . mr jenner's cadillac escalade 'rear-ended' her white lexus on the pacific coast highway . the car was pushed into oncoming traffic, and collided with a hummer . mrs howe's husband robert died
mahendra bavishi, who lives in sudan, said detectives have asked to put some ‘sensitive’ questions to his british-based son alok who runs the business . mr bavishi, 69, also told of his fury at police for ignoring an alert from a state of the art alarm in the vault . he described the robbery as a ‘tragedy’ for his family after the business had just started to make a small profit following years of losses .
tipu sultan was gunned down outside a takeaway in south shields last night . the 32-year-old father-of-two was pronounced dead at the scene . police are appealing for anyone with information to come forward .
singer attended the 30th annual rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony on saturday in cleveland, ohio . savvy social media users noticed that the 22-year-old had given her razor a night off .
jameela jamil, 29, spent £3,000 on amalgam fillings removed and replaced . she thought she might have lupus, an auto-immune condition . tests suggested she had high levels of mercury .
the two chimpanzees are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus, allowing their detention to be challenged . a representative of the long island university have been ordered to appear in court to respond to a petition by the nonhuman rights project . the 2013 lawsuits were originally filed in an attempt to free hercules and leo and two other chimpanzees living on private property .
caleb benn, a californian high school student, has developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for ios devices using instagram's application program interface . called 'uploader for instagram', it allows users to upload photos directly from their computer rather than using only their smartphone . an engineer from facebook, which owns instagram, sent benn an email last week claiming the app violated the company's terms of service . the email asked benn to 'fix' the app by monday, but be
ankit keshri died after colliding with a team-mate during a match in kolkata . the 20-year-old had suffered a cardiac arrest following on-field injury . former captain sachin tendulkar among india stars to offer condolences .
grey will feature heavily in real madrid's shirts for next year . away kit will feature yellow trim and yellowed-out badge . fifa club world cup badge will feature in centre of the kit .
zachary cain stickler, 34, had been accused of hitting his partner in february . he pleaded not guilty to charges of making criminal threats and misdemeanor battery . he crashed his cessna into a field in millville, california, on saturday . a former boss has spoken of his shock at hearing of stickler's death .
mils muliaina was arrested after connacht's 14-7 defeat by gloucester . the 34-year-old was led away by police at the kingsholm stadium . muliaina is accused of assaulting a woman in a cardiff bar in march . the former all black denies all the allegations against him .
complaints range from long queues for security to paying for internet connectivity that doesn't work and fighting for a seat in the terminal . lax in los angeles has been described as 'eight terminals connected by a traffic jam' .
jacob polyakov cracked his head after plunging off the edge of the roof . his friend jamal maslow, who fell off the roof first, broke his coccyx . witnesses rushed over to the teenagers, both 17, after the accident . pavel yaremenko said the problems started when the boys began to 'fool around' at the top of the building .
john loughery, 60, was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into the death of princess diana in 2008 . mr loughery showed off a handmade sign wishing the queen many happy returns .
barry hawkins beat matthew selt 10-9 in the first round of the world snooker championship in sheffield . the 2013 finalist looked set to ease into the last 16 with a 7-2 overnight lead . hawkins will play either mark allen or ryan day in the second round .
manchester city have failed to produce regular homegrown first team players since micah richards and dedryck boyata respectively . manuel pellegrini believes the academy will produce important players . raheem sterling has already been linked with a move to liverpool . fa chairman greg dyke has proposed to increase the quota of homegrown players to 12 in premier league squads .
the image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of marilyn monroe over a picture of albert einstein drawn in fine lines . features with a high spatial frequency (einstein) are only visible when you're viewing them close up, while those with low spatial frequencies (monroe) are only visible from further away . the trick can also be seen in a still image by anyone if they move closer and then farther away from the screen .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will fight at the mgm grand on may 2 . the fight is expected to earn at least $300million (£195m) . mayweather will receive $180m (£117) and pacquiao $120m (£79m) . tecate have paid $5.6m (£3.7m) to become the official beer of the fight and the main ring mat sponsor .
bafetimbi gomis came off during swansea's 1-1 draw with everton . french striker will miss three to four weeks with grade two hamstring strain . gomis will miss trips to leicester, newcastle and stoke on saturday .
the shoe that grows has adjustable points at the front, sides and back of the sandal to help it expand by five sizes . pressure sensors in the shoe tell it when your foot is in position, triggering a tiny motor in the heel that pulls the laces tight . when you want to take off the shoes, click your heels together twice and the motor will release a spring in the shoe’s tongue . the invention even runs on power generated by the swing of your foot as you walk .
dr arfon williams is the only gp available across two rural practices in north wales . the welsh gp is facing the challenge of providing a safe standard of care . his partner and colleague of 20 years retired at the end of march . dr williams fears areas such as the ll ⁇ n peninsula will become 'no-go' areas for young, aspiring gps as none of them want to jump on a 'sinking ship' .
tilly the kitten was thrown against a door and flushed in the toilet . he claimed he was 'accidentally' high on super-strength cannabis . rspca inspectors found tilly cowering under a blanket and 'clearly dying' . sarah reeves, 19, was also given a ten-year ban from keeping animals .
university of nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you . limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol . this is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations . but too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile . the science of stress was explained in a video for the american chemical society .
gold moto 360 is available to pre-order online from o2 on 20 april . any customers making orders before 10pm bst on 20 april will receive the watch on 21 april . it will then go on general sale online and exclusively from o2 stores in the uk on 23 april . the original moto 360 has a 22mm black leather strap and costs £199 . motorola's gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs £50 more .
cowboys defensive end greg hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games . the suspension follows a two-month investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in february . domestic violence charges against hardy were abruptly dropped in february after his accuser could not be found to testify .
la galaxy striker robbie keane is sidelined with a groin injury . a video of keane singing karma chameleon was posted on facebook . boy george & the culture club are a noted fan of the la galaxy .
jayden wingler of phoenix, arizona, was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs . while on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions .
robin barton was just four hours old when michael buelna found him abandoned behind a garbage dumpster on november 21, 1989 . buelna heard a 'very low meow' and at first thought it was a cat behind the dumpster . after moving some trash he discovered barton's infant body . the two met for the first time since the incident last week and embraced .
nearly 300 schoolgirls were kidnapped by a jihadist group in nigeria april 2014 . nigeria's president-elect: "this crime has rightly caused outrage"
alexander kristoff won the tour of flanders in a sprint finish with niki terpstra . team sky's geraint thomas finished 14th after struggling to close the gap . tom boonen and fabian cancellara are both missing through injury .
thousands of accounts vanishing from social network last week . most of them claimed to be linked to islamic state militants and supporters . twitter's 'violations department' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts . this is the largest ever one-off cull of isis-affiliated accounts . twitter says it will not tolerate accounts tweeting violent threats .
josh warrington eased to a lop-sided points win against dennis tubieron . the 24-year-old has been billed as the next ricky hatton due to his impressive fan base . tubieron fought for the same belt last december when he drew with carlo magali .
martin odegaard was substituted after 65 minutes against tudelano . the 16-year-old wonderkid cost real madrid £2.3million . odegaard missed the two games before sunday's match, which ended 1-1 .
jonas gutierrez was dropped from newcastle's squad for sunday's defeat by tottenham . the argentinian midfielder was not even named among the substitutes . john carver said gutierrez was left out for ‘selection reasons’ . gutierrez's contract is up in the summer and he will be let go after seven years at the club .
celtic beat rangers 2-0 to win the glasgow cup at hampden park . josh kerr and robby mccrorie scored for celtic in the 74th minute . kerr missed a corner and mccrorie dropped a free kick over the line .
the funny girl pretended to trip and fall in front of the couple, collapsing in a heap on the red carpet . kim kardashian brought the dramatic flair in a sophie theallet gown . the french designer has worked with fashion icons like jean paul gaultier and azzedine alaia before starting her own eponymous label .
dzhokhar tsarnaev's aunt, maret tsarnaeva, and two other relatives said in an interview this week that they believed he was wrongfully convicted as part of a u.s. conspiracy . tsarnaev was found guilty by a boston jury on april 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty . the relatives have also attempted to get messages to tsarnaev, urging him to fire his defense lawyers .
william kerr, 53, absconded from a bail hostel in hull in january . he was released from hmp stocken in rutland on licence in january . kerr was jailed for life for the murder of maureen comfort in 1998 . he was apprehended in the street in waterloo, south london, on friday .
jeff pearlman: every culture, every generation remakes jesus in its own image . he says fox rebroadcasts "killing jesus," "a.d.," "finding jesus" on sunday .
woman, 73, suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs in crash in manchester . she was waiting from an ambulance with her husband, who has dementia . thief sneaked into her car and stole black garmin device from underneath . member of public took photograph of suspect as he left the scene . man described as between 30 and 40, with a beard and wearing purple shorts .
chelsea beat stoke city 2-1 at stamford bridge on saturday . cesc fabregas was caught in the face by charlie adam's flailing arm . the spaniard was left with a large gash on his nose .
homeland security and immigration and customs enforcement raided properties associated with 239 crime syndicates . at least 913 have been charged with a range of crimes including rape, murder and sexual assault . as they were booked into jail, some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their tattoos . most were u.s. citizens but 199 foreign nationals were also arrested from 18 countries in south and central america, asia, africa, europe and the caribbean .
tuah was revealed to the public at utah's hogle zoo on saturday . his parents eve and elijah, both bornean orangutans, passed away a few weeks after giving birth . bobbi gordon is one of several primate handlers who provided round-the-clock care for the infant, improvising along the way .
the winning punter, who comes from mittagong in southern new south wales, discovered his good fortune on tuesday evening . he said he and his wife had been 'struggling' before the win and that they are over the moon with the result . two entries won the first division share of oz lotto's $40 million jackpot draw on tuesday .
study of 18,500 patients found people with bowel cancer who saw their normal gp were diagnosed, on average, a week later than others . britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in europe . this has partly been blamed on family doctors missing symptoms .
aaron hernandez is sentenced to life without parole . he was convicted of first-degree murder and unlawful possession of a firearm .
fox is developing a two-hour remake of the 1975 cult classic . it will be directed, executive-produced and choreographed by kenneth ortega . the special is timed to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the film .
abraham lincoln's second inaugural address was self-evident 150 years ago . confederate gen. robert e. lee surrendered his troops to union general ulysses s. grant . grant purposely ended up being generous to confederate soldiers .
manchester city host united in the premier league on saturday . ashley young is desperate to avoid a fifth successive derby defeat . united have never lost five straight matches to their local rivals .
united arab emirates plan audacious bid to host 2021 rugby league world cup . the country's government is keen to boost the nation's international profile . the world cup has only ever been hosted by the major countries - australia, new zealand, france and great britain .
freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge april 12 . he "gave up without the use of force," a baltimore police official says .
asked who taught malia obama how to drive, first lady michelle obama said it was the secret service who provided around-the-clock security for the family . mrs. obama hasn't driven herself in seven or eight years . she added that driving gives malia 'a sense of normalcy,' helping her feel like the rest of her friends who are also driving .
warren sapp, 42, was arrested the night after the super bowl in phoenix, arizona, on february 2 . he was charged with soliciting prostitution and two counts of assault . in a police video released on monday, sapp cries, cackles and confesses . he admits he paid for oral sex and that 'everyone got naked' after he 'put $600 on the table' in his hotel room .
more than half of uk children don't have any veg, and 44 per cent have no fruit . annabel karmel has shred her feeding wisdom to help encourage healthier children .
patricia ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool on friday when she crashed her black bmw 5-series into a car that was stopped at an intersection in naples, florida . ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by collier county sheriff’s deputies . neither ebel nor her grandson was injured in the crash, although her car was totalled .
manchester city stars met up with local schoolchildren for unveiling . 64metre mural depicts 'the football effect' at club's academy stadium . stars including vincent kompany and gael clichy helped youngsters add finishing touches to mural .
a waterfall gushing over sydney's iconic harbour bridge and a crocodile stalking flood water at a train station are just a few of the fake photos to emerge from the sydney storm . eagle-eyed twitter users pointed out that the large trampoline believed to have blown into the sky in the cyclone-strength gusts in nsw was actually a victim of hurricane sandy in connecticut, usa . a hoax video of a wave rider surfing in
a lion got its head stuck in a feeding barrel at dierenrijk zoo in the netherlands . the animal was hoping to beat two other lions to the food . it reaches into the barrel too far and gets its head stuck in the barrel . the animal reacts in a panic and attempts to flick the barrel from its head .
ed miliband accused of stooping to a 'shameful' new low by blaming david cameron . labour leader suggested deaths could have been avoided if pm had done more following his intervention in libya to remove colonel gaddafi . in briefing note sent out before speech, labour claimed crisis was 'in part a direct result' of mr cameron's foreign policy .
england's withdrawal from the historic victory shield has worsened relations between the fa and the home nations . officials in scotland, wales and northern ireland were unhappy to find out about the fa ditching a tournament that started in 1925 . this is seen as another example of fa ‘arrogance’ following the english telling fifa that they want to send great britain teams to the rio olympics without informing the other countries .
park crescent west near regents park in london could be demolished . developer pcw property holdings has submitted fresh plans to rebuild crescent . crescent was designed by buckingham palace architect john nash . but residents behind the site are furious at the proposals . new development will be made up of 73 homes, ranging from studios to flats . with 183,000 sq/ft of accommodation, any completed development is set to be worth in excess of £500million .
the baggage handler woke up on alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles on monday . he didn't realize until a piece of luggage fell on top of him . the unnamed seattle airport employee said he might have slept much longer if it hadn't been for the passengers' bags . in a desperate bid for help, he called 911 and spoke to a bemused operator for 44 seconds before he was cut off .
jack wilshere captains arsenal's u21 side against reading on monday . niall keown's goal condemned the gunners to defeat . wilshere hasn't featured for arsenal since november .
marco rubio, a republican from florida, is running for the gop presidential nomination . ruben navarrette: rubio holds little appeal to latino voters .
the high there! app is described as the world’s first global social network . it lets users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships . users swipe to choose to connect to people - like in the popular dating app tinder . when high there! first launched two months ago, it could only be downloaded by users in the us who live in states that have legalised cannabis . but now it’s available globally via apple’s app store and google play, after getting approval to widen its reach .
mirco antenucci, giuseppe bellusci, dario del fabro, marco silvestri, souleymane doukara and edgar cani all told head coach neil redfearn they were injured . it is understood redfearn was unaware of any problems with the players . antenucci tweeted: 'i read so much wickedness and insults in many posts.i'm a serious professional but if someone likes to insult me there is no problem'
justin jackson, a florida man, has been accused of posing as johnny depp, madonna's manager and oprah winfrey's nephew . he allegedly tricked a new york jeweler into lending him items worth $2.4million by pretending to be madonna's manager . he 'sent letters on forged own stationery to five different hotel groups with locations in florida, recommending him for work at the locations' jackson is being sued by oprah's tv network
study found that britons selling their properties refuse to admit the housing market has cooled . buyers must now increasingly treat asking prices as a starting point for negotiations . while average sale prices are about £207,000 in the uk, advertised asking prices are typically £74,000 higher at £281,000 .
case adds iconic directional arrows and a and b buttons from nintendo game boy . called smart boy, it also lets gamers play their existing game boy and game boy color cartridges on their apple handset . it was originally devised as an april fool's joke, but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell it .
cancer that has spread and is incurable, known as secondary breast cancer, kills 1,000 women in britain every month . researchers are testing the drug sulforadex in the most common type of breast cancer, affecting 70 per cent of patients . many women go on to develop resistance and the disease comes back .
chris ramsey was handed the manager's job until the end of the season . ramsey stepped up from his youth development coaching role when harry redknapp resigned in february . the 52-year-old is a popular and respected man within the game . speculation has been rife that ramsey will link up with his former tottenham colleague tim sherwood at aston villa this summer .
the quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty . the move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in countries like ireland, germany and the netherlands . as a result, a price war over the cost of milk is likely to break out, bringing down the price for consumers .
bruce willis is set to make his broadway debut in the upcoming play "misery" kristin chenoweth, a nominee for "on the 20th century," and recent "cabaret" star alan cumming are set to host the ceremony .
police arrest more than 133,000 people and seize 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics . authorities handled 115,000 drug-related crimes and 606,000 cases of drug use .
qantas have been told they could lose their eight landing spots at heathrow . london airport has issued an internal memo to the australian airline . qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines .
goncalo amaral had been on trial over claims he made in a book and documentary that the couple were involved in their daughter madeleine's disappearance . a lisbon court agreed that amaral should pay mr and mrs mccann €250,000 (£179,000) each in damages and banned further sales of his book the truth of the lie . the couple's lawyer revealed that amaral had been told to pay interest which she said stood at present at €106,000 (£76,000)
christopher flowers, 84, accidentally set himself on fire with cigarette on march 9 . he dropped cigarette into shirt, causing several layers of his clothing to burst into flames . he pulled over and tried to extract cigarette from top, but windy conditions fanned flames so much that they engulfed his entire torso . as flames surrounded his head, three good samaritans pulled over . flowers was rushed to strong memorial hospital, where he was listed in guarded condition . but on sun
study: brontosaurus belongs to its own genera, deserves its own name . o.c. marsh first named the dinosaur "brontosaurus" in 1879 .
summer robertson, 21, died after being overpowered by fierce currents . she had been volunteering with youngsters in one of south africa's poorest townships . her parents sarah and john have paid tribute to their 'bubbly tomboy'
prime minister tony abbott thrilled players at a sydney australian rules football club function by skolling a beer . it appeared to take the prime minister about six seconds to down the schooner, as players cheered and chanted 'skol' and 'tony' mr abbott also gave a speech to the players, according to australian women's weekly .
adam federici let alexis sanchez's shot slip through his grasp at wembley . reading lost 2-1 to arsenal in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday . steve clarke has backed federici to bounce back against birmingham .
immigrants could account for 82 per cent of population growth by 2060 . one in seven u.s. residents will be an immigrant by 2023, study says . in 1990 immigrants accounted for just 7.9 per cent of u.s. population .
tibor racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter kiara from the movies at charlestown square in newcastle, north of sydney, on sunday night . vision of the attack showed mr racsits being dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head . his daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help, but she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams face-first into the concrete .
christian trousedale, 18, walked the elderly man to his front door in bolton . teenager held his hand as they made their way to his shopping home . his act of kindness was seen by samantha-jayne brady, who took a picture . picture has been 'liked' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 .
lesley jonathon cameron was jailed for life on tuesday for the december 2013 murder of maureen anne horstman, 67, and her daughter tamara alexandra horstman, 26 . cameron bludgeoned them with a hammer and repeatedly stabbed them with scissors . he described himself at the time as a 'walking time bomb' and a 'walking time bomb' .
adam prowse, 34, of torquay, captured on camera dancing to michael jackson’s 'don't stop 'til you get enough' royal mail worker has been dubbed 'the happiest postman in the world' .
maciej rybus is being watched by hull, leicester and swansea . the poland international has a £3.2million get-out clause . rybus impressed during poland's 1-1 draw with republic of ireland .
labour leader admits he cried when he and wife justine watched film pride . miliband was asked about jeremy paxman's description of him as a 'geek' he said as a 12-year-old he had a 'big passion' for 1983 video game manic miner .
ukip leader was expected at a farm in staffordshire as he prepared to attack the government over defence spending . but organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in chauffeur-driven car . mr farage is under pressure to show election campaign is on track . polls showed a slump in support in ukip and suggested he might struggle to win his own seat in south thanet .
john avlon: obama's clean power plan is an energy policy plan, not a carbon reduction plan . nuclear power is our largest source of carbon-free energy, generating 60% of our electricity .
wi-fi calling feature is designed to facilitate calls and texts when users have no mobile phone signal . paves the way for london's commuters to chat and text inside the capital's 150 tube stations . iphone users will find their calls and texts automatically connect through the internet when they have no service signal .
a group of armed assailants stormed into the attorney general's office in balkh province . two police officers and a security guard of the provincial attorney general's office were among the dead .
officer michael slager fired eight shots at walter scott as he fled north charleston police . lz granderson: if not for the video taken by a bystander, this story would be shuttered .
61 per cent of us adults admit they don't invite friends and family over because of their 'home shame' general mess, dated carpets and kitchens, unfinished diy projects and the small size of their property rank highest on the list of embarrassments . 62 per cent worry they will never get their home to the point where they are no longer ashamed by it .
dr. frederic brandt killed himself on easter sunday, weeks after the launch of the unbreakable kimmy schmidt on netflix . in the show, martin short plays a caricatured white-haired cosmetologist called dr franff with an inordinate amount of fillers in his face . friends claim brandt identified the resemblance - but most claim he jovially pointed it out and laughed . another friend, hair colorist kyle white, told the paper
technology could help food and drink, healthcare and defence sectors . works by analysing a materials 'hyperspectral signature', which is its unique chemical fingerprint .
affleck appeared on finding your roots and learned one of his ancestors was a slave owner . he pushed the network to leave that information out of the program . producers eventually agreed to leave out the name of james mcguire, who kept eight slaves on his farm in new jersey in the 1840s . affleck apologized for asking producers to leave out the name in a facebook post .
fifa president sepp blatter met with russian president valdimir putin . blatter expects a 'wonderful' 2018 world cup to take place in sochi . sochi will be one of 11 host cities for the tournament which runs from june 14 to july 15 .
linx makes 'multi-aperture' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology . this technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph . this lets people refocus an image after its been captured, or measure the dimensions of a room, for example . htc one's version combines an ultrapixel and a duo camera .
the mistley thorn has been around for ten years, and revels in an understated luxury . built as a coaching inn circa 1723, it is a two-minute walk from mistley station, which has services to london liverpool street .
novak djokovic beat rafael nadal 6-3, 6-3 in monte carlo semi-final . world no 1 will face tomas berdych in sunday's final . djokovic is bidding to win his third masters title in a row .
anjelica 'aj' hadsell, 18, has been missing since march 2, when she was on a break from longwood university in farmville, virginia and home in norfolk . on thursday, police announced they had found remains outside a residence in franklin, 40 miles from her home . the body has been sent to the chief medical examiner's office to be identified and to determine the cause of death .
kenyans use social media to share the stories of those killed at garissa university college . using the hashtag #147notjustanumber, citizens tweet pictures of the victims . the attack in kenya killed 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel .
wisden editor lawrence booth launches stinging attack on england . 'england lost touch with the basic idea that the national team belongs to us all,' says booth . ecb 'repeatedly lost touch with the basic idea that the national team belongs to us all' .
kim has long had her pick of holiday destinations - so where to go and what to do? this month, kim and kanye west made a high-profile tour of armenia and israel . paris is top of her travel-list and she has spent increasing amounts of time in the french capital with her husband . kim has also been ditching sun loungers for salopettes and skis on stylish winter breaks .
vivek murthy and elmo go through process of getting vaccinated . explain to children (and parents) why it is so important . appears to be response to anti-vaccination campaigners .
adam rushton, 37, took advantage of his post as a beat officer in longton . he was found guilty of five counts of misconduct and another of breaching data protection rules by obtaining personal data . rushton denied ten counts of misconduct and two of breaching data protection laws while employed by police .
unicef says 16 tons of medical supplies have arrived in sanaa . the supplies are meant to help 80,000 innocents caught up in the conflict .
the ten houses in australia that won't sell after being on the market for up to two years have been revealed . this includes a one-bedroom home in oberon, central west of nsw, which was listed 800 days ago for $299,000 . a property in kincumber, north of sydney, went from $889,000 to a 55 per cent cut . in queensland, a four-bedroom property has seen a 45 per cent decrease in its asking price since it was listed 247 days ago .
sarah brady died friday at the age of 73 from pneumonia . she and her husband james crusaded against gun violence after he was shot during an assassination attempt on former us president ronald reagan in 1981 . the brady campaign and center to prevent gun violence, named in their honor, said they were 'heartbroken' at the news of her death .
chelsea lost 1-0 to manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday . eden hazard scored the only goal of the game for louis van gaal's side . juan mata returned to stamford bridge for the first time since january last year . mata was named player of the year two years running .
sarah flower is a nutritionist and author . says clean, fresh and unprocessed foods should provide all the goodness you need . also recommends steaming over boiling vegetables and eating raw . 'we are living in a society where it is possible to be overweight and deficient in essential nutrients,' she said .
poets house is a swish new hotel in ely, a three-minute walk from the cathedral . the hotel is glossy and lavish, but manages to stay on the right side of kitsch . there are mirrors everywhere with poetry written on them, such as lines from kipling .
randy johnston, 68, from dallas, texas, decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds . his son then went about filming the moment of discovery . but footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous, with his six-year-old granddaughter porter getting red-faced and crying in horror .
taronga zoo's elephants had a special treat for breakfast on friday – a record sized 728kg pumpkin . the pumpkins were served to the asian elephants at the popular sydney zoo . the 728kg monster was the biggest pumpkin to grace a sydney royal easter show .
environmentalist group sea shepherd had been tailing the thunder since its ship encountered it in the southern ocean several months ago . the crew rescued from the ship had been handed over to the sao tome coastguard early tuesday . captain peter hammarstedt believes the thunder was deliberately sunk to destroy physical evidence of illegal fishing .
bob greene: 8 out of 10 american taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes . greene: the once dreaded tax day has become a happy spending spree for most americans .
british jihadis have posted pictures of junk food they have carried across border . items include burger king, pringles, oreos, m&ms and pre-mixed mojitos . twitter users have condemned the hypocrisy in their choice of diet .
avril lavigne, 30, was diagnosed with lyme disease in april 2014 . she went from doctor to doctor for eight months, which was 'unacceptable and frustrating' 'i actually knew i had it the whole time, probably since the summer,' she told abc news on thursday .
rony john, 15, died after jumping into river great ouse in hartford, cambridgeshire . despite being unable to swim, swimming is compulsory during primary school . hearing heard swimming is not enforced for those aged 11 or over . coroner belinda cheney said: 'swimming is not a difficult skill to learn yet it is a critical life skill'
tomas berdych will face either grigor dimitrov or gael monfils in the semi-finals of the monte carlo masters . raonic called a trainer after dropping serve for the second time to trail 5-2 in the first encounter . berdych has yet to lose a set this week .
gordon robson, 26, was a pallbearer at his grandfather john potts' funeral . mr potts, 45, stepped in to break up a fight outside a sports bar in washington . fighting broke out and robson punched him so hard there was an 'audible crack' . robson was jailed for three and a half years at newcastle crown court .
it was the largest stock package that schmidt has received since 2011 when google inc. awarded him a bundle valued at $94 million at the time he relinquished the ceo's job to company co-founder larry page . schmidt also pocketed a $1.25 million salary, a $6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $1 million . his total pay last year soared by more than five-fold from 2013 when his google compensation was valued at $19.3 million .
around 75 people were inside the korean union united methodist church in rahway, new jersey, when the ceiling collapsed . thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman suffered a serious but non-life threatening head injury . the cause of the collapse is currently being investigated .
clare else's husband andrew was knifed more than 200 times in april last year . the 52-year-old had been at the pub with friends on night of his murder . paranoid schizophrenic ephraim norman pounced on him and launched attack . he had stopped taking medication for his illness because it interfered with his sex life .
newcastle host tottenham at st james' park on sunday, april 19 . fans will be encouraged to take part in demonstrations before and after game . sack ashley.com set up by supporters behind sack pardew campaign .
concept artist alex brady from cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like . he imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to las vegas, with neon lights and plenty of attractions . a space settlement would be a large structure, comparable in size to a town or small city, built in earth orbit . the iss currently houses six astronauts at a time, but a space settlement would have hundreds or thousands of people on board .
tyrone sevilla hand delivered a heartbreaking poster to immigration minister peter dutton's office in brisbane on monday . the poster simply said: 'dear mr sutton, can i stay in australia please. tyrone' the single mother's visa application was rejected 28 days ago because tyrone's autism would be a 'burden on the australian health system' tyrone and his mother maria sevilla face the very real possibility of being deported back to the phil
president barack obama and cuban president raul castro shook hands at summit of the americas in panama . obama wants to restore full diplomatic ties with cuba, which have been frozen since the 1960s . the white house has set expectations for a 'substantive' exchange between castro and obama on saturday .
north charleston police officer michael slager, 33, is charged with first-degree murder . walter scott, 50, was shot in the back as he ran away from police . slager is "terminated" from the force, north charleston mayor says .
melissa plancarte, whose stage name is melissa: cartel princess, was filmed doing her midnight flit in the mexico's michoacan state courthouse . the clip shows glamorous pop star dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase . her father, enrique plancarte, headed one of mexico's biggest drugs cartels known for hanging its victims by the neck from motorway bridges .
london midland to give police cctv images of 'disgusting' passenger . passenger made the discovery on a train travelling from lichfield to longbridge . service terminated at birmingham new street so carriage could be cleaned . a spokesman for london midland said the 'act of vandalism' was 'disgusting'
lewis hamilton wins chinese grand prix for mercedes . mercedes teammate nico rosberg finishes second in shanghai . hamilton had lost malaysia grand prix to ferrari of sebastian vettel .
abdirahman sheik mohamud, 23, faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists, attempting to provide and providing material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization, and making false statements to the fbi . mohamud's brother, abdifatah aden, was killed fighting with the nusra front in syria .
kenya power authorities and its ceo are at the school and looking into the electrical issue . students stampeded down the halls of the kimberly dormitory and jumped from its fifth floor .
patricia jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her facebook page . her comments drew wide publicity, in part after school alumnus scott lyons wrote a critical letter that was shared online by thelma & louise star susan sarandon, who's his aunt . a letter was sent on friday to faculty and staff members at immaculata high school in somerville saying jannuzzi had been reinstated .
harvey boulter forced liam fox to resign as defence secretary in 2011 . tycoon has already given £30,000 to ukip candidate fighting fox in somerset . also spending another £30,000 to try to defeat tom tugendhat . tugendhat’s father, sir michael tugendhat, is the high court judge who awarded fox a six-figure sum in damages after he sued boulter for libellous remarks made on sky tv .
researchers in north carolina tested their theory using a 10-hertz current on the brain's of 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain's natural alpha wave oscillations . they then recorded the results using eeg . as well as creativity, these oscillations - or the lack of them - are linked with depression .
romelu lukaku could leave everton in the summer . agent mino raiola said he would have never sanctioned lukaku's move . roberto martinez will hold talks with the belgian striker .
islamist militant group al-shabaab is responsible for the attack in mogadishu . the attack began when two suicide bombers detonated their car at the entrance .
evnika saadvakass, from kazakhstan, became a youtube sensation when she was five-years-old . the video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress .
the 18-year-old was booked into lower buckeye jail in phoenix two weeks ago . he is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he is not authorized to be in . two officers approached him and told him to go back to his cell . he then began taking swings at them, punching one officer and using a taser . the inmate was eventually subdued by a group of officers who saw their colleague knocked out on the ground .
haris vuckic has thrived at rangers under new manager stuart mccall . the slovenian has scored six goals from 10 appearances for the club . vuckic has denied a report on tyneside stating he has already declared his intention to quit st james park .
raheem sterling and jordon ibe pictured smoking from a shisha pipe . the pair are seen sitting on a sofa in front of a table with shisha pipes . the pictures will heap further embarrassment on liverpool .
people who were underweight in middle age were 34 per cent more likely to be diagnosed with dementia than those of a healthy weight . researchers from the london school of hygiene and tropical medicine analysed data on 1,958,191 patients aged 55 on average with a bmi of 26.5 on average . after nine years follow-up, 45,507 people were diagnosed with dementia .
judge dennis porter cleared officer dante servin, 46, of involuntary manslaughter . rekia boyd, 22, was shot in the back of the head in march 2012 . boyd's brother screamed: 'you want me to be quiet? this m***** f***** killed my sister!' .
miriam gonzález durántez wore colourful ensemble to ldny fashion show and wie gala in central london tonight . lawyer, wife of deputy pm and mother of three, wore £560 gianvito rossi perspex-panelled metallic patent-leather pumps .
hayfever sufferers in the uk are expected to reach 20 million this summer . this is up a third from last year as warm weather bathes the country . allergy symptoms include streaming eyes, incessant sneezing and itchy throat . by 2030 that figure is expected to surge to 31.8 million sufferers, experts told mailonline .
the chop, made famous by jim carrey’s lloyd christmas in dumb and dumber, has graced the heads of celebrities far and wide in recent years . headcase barbers have reported a whopping 200 per cent surge in requests for the snip . the craze may have been fuelled in part by the release of dumb and dumber to, the recent sequel to the 1994 cult hit .
roseanne barr has revealed that she is slowly going blind . the comedic actress said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma . doctors have not given barr a definitive timeline on when she can expect to lose all visibility .
charlie sumner, 20, staged pitch invasion at reading's madejski stadium . he ran topless onto pitch and performed a series of somersaults during his first ever game at the stadium . the reading supporter did four flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time . he is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt .
todd phillips, a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing, was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone . dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping phillips' leg . phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released .
walter scott, 50, and pierre fulton, his friend of several years, were headed to scott's house on april 4 for a cookout . but as they returned home, their car was pulled over for a broken tail light . scott ran from the car and was shot multiple times in the back by officer michael slager . scott was behind $18,000 in child support payments and family members have said he may have run because he was worried about going to jail .
in 1992, a drug enforcement agency program monitored every phone call made from the united states to one of the up to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking . this is now the oldest known example of the american government authorizing this level of tracking on unknowing citizens of the country . the program only recently shuttered, and was used for nearly two decades, with top justice department officials in four administrations .
wasps lost 32-18 to toulon in the champions cup quarter-final on sunday . dai young has called for reform to the premiership salary cap . the £5.5million cap is currently on the agenda .
novak djokovic beat tomas berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 in monte carlo final . world no 1 became first player to win opening three masters 1000 events . djokovic had overpowered rafael nadal to reach clay court final .
ander herrera joined manchester united from athletic bilbao for £29million . herrera says he bares his forename and surname on the back of shirt . spaniard reached the copa del rey and europa league finals at bilbao .
tulip siddiq, a former aide to ed miliband, is standing for labour in hampstead . she was at the kremlin with her aunt, the hardline leader of bangladesh . putin and sheikh hasina, the prime minister of bangladesh and ms siddiq's mother rehana, were photographed alongside putin and hasina .
delonte' martistee, 22, of georgia and ryan austin calhoun, 23, of alabama were charged on friday with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators . the alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details . the alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details .
nicola sturgeon hailed as shock winner of last night’s tv debate . snap poll inflicts damaging blow to labour’s election hopes . labour is battling to fend off an snp landslide in its traditional scottish heartlands .
gareth blanks, 31, was attacked as he walked home in truro, cornwall . he was approached by a group of three men and one woman . he was taunted by the group before snatching the hat from his head . when he tried to retrieve the garment, he was pushed to the ground . one of the males punched and kicked him 20 times in the head and across his body . his family say it will take him a long time to recover and he has deep scars .
pleasaunce cottage in dormans park in east grinstead has gone on the market for almost £1million . it is one of the last surviving bungalows in britain that were built on the design of victorian houses in india . built in the 1880s by ra briggs, known as bungalow briggs, the design soon infiltrated british architecture .
the search for a two-metre south american boa constrictor has been called off . the search began on queensland's gold coast as authorities tried to locate the reptile which could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs . biosecurity queensland officials have now given up looking for the snake and authorities will instead put up a warning sign . the notice will reportedly tell dog owners and small children to 'watch out'
robot was supposed to be able to function for about 10 hours at levels of radiation which would be fatal to humans . but the adaptable 'transformer' robot stalled before it could complete its operation and had to be abandoned . a second robot mission scheduled for monday was postponed as engineers investigated the cause of the malfunction .
four in ten britons have an average £77 of unwanted goods lying around . most say returning it is too inconvenient or not worth the effort . more than a third of adults have purchased items they don't want .
manchester united thrashed manchester city 4-2 at old trafford . louis van gaal said that it is a great time to be a manchester united supporter . the dutch manager thanked supporters for their patience after the derby .
calcium formations on ‘altamura man’ suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old . researchers plan to sequence his dna to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors .
only 15% of students plan to vote green, down from 28% in february . proportion of students who dislike leader doubled since september . labour has been main beneficiary, with 35% saying they will vote for ed miliband .
leah rogers and ryan flanaghan were selling a range of toys at a car boot sale . they spotted a rare purple beanie baby bear at another seller's stall . mr flanaghan recognised the bear as a princess diana di beanie baby . it turned out to be one of just 100 made around the world .
hobart international airport website has been hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical islamist group isis . tasmania police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport . airport management has disabled the site and customers are advised to visit airline websites for flight information .
padraig harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the masters . the irishman had fallen out of the world's top 300 before accepting an invitation to the honda classic in florida . harrington ended up winning his first tournament in america since the 2008 uspga championship .
the teenager was left needing urgent medical treatment at hounsdown school . she unwittingly downed the highly corrosive liquid during a science lesson . the teenager did not require hospital treatment or suffer any ill effects . headteacher said the school was taking the matter 'very seriously'
protests in melbourne turned violent when anti-islam and anti-racism groups clashed . police were forced separate reclaim australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies . crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon, and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics . it comes after a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-islam groups has mocked protests being held around australia .
josh and vanessa ellis and baby hudson were crushed to death on monday when a 50-foot-long concrete slab fell on their truck . they were driving underneath washington state's route 410 overpass where workers were installing a sidewalk . the slab weighed 'tons' according to investigators .
paul walker died in a car crash in november 2013 . he was on break from filming "furious 7" at the time .
prince george's first year boosted the economy by £247m . copycat designs will bring a welcome boost to the high street . a little girl could bring in £150m for the british economy .
two black candidates were among three people elected to the ferguson city council tuesday . half of the six-member city council will now be african-american . the election came just over a month after a justice department report detailed a culture of racism and abuse in the city . the lone black incumbent councilman, dwayne james, was not up for re-election .
the hot pursuit star's lawyer fred silberberg told people late friday that the 42-year-old 'has never wanted to destroy her embryos' however, he added that vergara 'is content to leave the embryos frozen indefinitely as she has no desire to have children with her ex' loeb, 39, wants a judge to order that the female embryos may not be destroyed, but that vergara has refused to 'agree to their preservation under all circumstances'
four suspects, all of somali descent, were detained in st paul, minnesota . they are among six men charged with conspiracy to support a foreign terrorist organization and attempting to support a foreign terrorist organization . families of the suspects, including 19-year-old zacharia yusuf abdurahman, claim they came to the country for peace and were set up by their former friend . u.s. magistrate judge becky thorson maintained there was probable cause to believe a crime was committed .
eve addison, 24, developed swelling in collarbone after drinking gin and tonic . thought she had an allergy but brands failed to help - and she developed rash . tests revealed she was suffering hodgkin lymphoma - cancer of lymphatic system . most common symptom is painless swellings in neck, armpit or groin .
dana perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the walter reed hospital in washington, d.c. perino said this particular meeting was one of the exceptions, she wrote in her new book and the good news is: lessons and advice from the bright side . she said it was like bush 'expected and needed to hear the anguish, to try to soap up some of her suffering if he could' .
barcelona drew 2-2 with sevilla at the parc des princes on saturday . luis enrique has played down neymar's petulant reaction to being substituted . barca face paris saint-germain in the champions league on wednesday .
cereal giant warned profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes . kellogg’s makes hundreds of millions of pounds each year from sales to british families . its two main uk subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in ireland .
independent network dozhd tv given 18 rating for hillary clinton's video . video features democrats jared milrad and nate johnson holding hands . if aired without warning, dozhd could have faced £13,200 fine . putin's 'gay propaganda' laws allow fines for promoting homosexuality .
gov. nathan deal signs bill that will legalize cannabis oil for certain "medication-resistant epilepsies" haleigh cox, 5, was having hundreds of seizures a day and the five potent drugs weren't making life better . haleigh moved to colorado springs, colorado, where medical marijuana is legal .
a bat suffering from arthritis has found a cure by sipping on a mug of tea . walter the flying fox bat, from sydney, picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner's cup of tetley's tea . the 22-year-old has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks, sipping on tea and eating snacks . the beverage has been nicknamed 'a hug in a cup' .
surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $9,000 out of the account of kate sullivan at chase branches in commack and freeport on september 23, 2014 . state police say the female suspect then racked up $4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in sullivan's name in new haven, connecticut . sullivan, who had lung cancer, was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at memorial sloan kettering cancer center in new york . she died five days later .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history . pacquiao was joined in los angeles by his ever-expanding family; wife jinkee and their five children - princess, emmanuel jnr, israel, queen elizabeth and michael . mayweather, meanwhile, has been dating doralie medina since last year .
nicklas bendtner was due to start wolfsburg's draw against schalke . bendtner turned up late for training on friday and was dropped . denmark international has only scored once in the bundesliga this season .
the ferguson and north charleston shootings bear only mild resemblance . there are some of the stark differences in the cases and lessons learned .
"cassandra c." is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments . a connecticut juvenile court judge denied a motion to let the teen go home . the judge also denied a motion for visitation .
jake boys, 19, booked flights to republic of ireland instead of wales . told girlfriend emily-victoria canham, 18, they would fly to see band in cardiff . miss canham tweeted: 'jake tried to surprise me with 1d/mcbusted tickets' mr boys, from hailsham, east sussex, has 166,000 youtube subscribers .
rachel simpson, 15, has a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated . the rest of her family, from heysham, near lancaster, are now waiting on tests which could reveal which of them also has a mutation of the gata2 gene . the disorder means a sufferer's blood count might be low, making them more vulnerable to infection . alternatively, the blood cells might be abnormal, leading to leukaemia .
alex oxlade-chamberlain is represented by his father, mark . raheem sterling's adviser aidy ward is also involved . calum chambers is on the books at cassius sports management . danny welbeck is looked after by his brothers chris and wayne .
bath fly half george ford scored a solo try in the first-half . rob kearney was taken out in the air by anthony watson . matt garvey scored a penalty for bath .
victoria's secret angel alessandra ambrosio, 34, underwent a 'medical procedure' for 'constant headaches' on tuesday . she is being monitored at ucla hospital in westwood, los angeles . ambrosio was seen partying at coachella festival in california on sunday .
kevin pietersen has signed a new contract with surrey . the batsman is expected to play against oxford mccu in the parks . pietersen is hoping to press for an england recall through weight of runs in the lv= county championship .
kazi islam, 18, sent texts to harry thomas, 19, praising lee rigby's killers . he used 'cake' as a codeword for 'bomb', the old bailey was told . thomas, who had learning difficulties, replied: 'cake? u mean the b o m b' islam, from east london, denies preparing for acts of terrorism .
the photos were taken by linden gledhill from staffordshire, who combines his love of photography with a phd in biochemistry . the 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the finer details of a butterfly's wing pattern . as well as the beautiful colours, they show the layout of individual scales, which give the insect its iridescence .
39% of voters now say they will back tories compared to 33% for labour . shock poll comes after tories pledged to scrap inheritance tax . icm poll for guardian shows tories have jumped 3 per cent in last month .
louis tomlinson appears to have rolled a joint in a shocking new picture taken on wednesday . the picture was taken in london during a two-day party session . tomlinson, 23, has been seen partying hard in london for the last 48 hours . he has split from long-term girlfriend eleanor calder .
cristiano ronaldo opened the scoring for real madrid in the 68th minute against rayo vallecano . the portugal forward netted in the 68th minute to move madrid within four points of barcelona . ronaldo joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances .
the aluminium battery was created at stanford university, california . it is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is 'fast-charging, long-lasting and inexpensive' . lithium-ion batteries can take hours to charge, but the new battery can withstand more than 7,500 cycles without any loss of capacity .
kevin franklin, 58, married his new wife in the italian alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children . he siphoned off the £400,001 fortune over an eight-year period . when he was finally arrested he told police: 'i played him' he was jailed for four-and-a-half years at warwick crown court .
manziel and colleen crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended tuesday night's texas rangers game . crowley has been taking heat on instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways while manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems . on tuesday, crowley posted a video on her instagram page of the texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends .
eden hazard was substituted with 28 minutes to go in belgium's 1-0 win over israel in jerusalem on tuesday night . the 24-year-old has played 48 games for club and country this season . hazard has missed just five matches for chelsea this season .
youtube entertainer yousef saleh erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead . erakat said he wanted to 'flip the script' .
yannick bolasie scored a hat-trick in crystal palace's demolition of sunderland . alan pardew says bolasie bidding will have to start at £20million . palace boss says the club's top assets do not want to leave .
jessica bialek was last seen leaving her sydney home about 8.30am on wednesday . her husband, sabino matera, posted a plea on his facebook page . ms bialek returned to her home on thursday evening . she is 'safe and well' with her loved ones .
harry redknapp says raheem sterling should focus on his football . redknapp insists sterling is not ready to move to real madrid . sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool .
dani alves insists he is happy at barcelona and is yet to sign a deal . the brazilian defender is out of contract this summer . manchester united and psg are reportedly interested in signing alves .
cave was built near vallon-pont-d'arc in southern france . it contains 1,000 drawings of 425 animals and around 450 bones . cave is the oldest cave decorated by man but is not open to the public to keep the precious works of art safe . experts have scanned the original drawings using 3d modelling techniques to capture each marking and position them correctly on the bumpy replica walls .
video shows tour guide peddling his legs in the air to lure a mob of emus . the curious flightless birds come close and scatter as the guide leaps to his feet . it's thought to be an old aboriginal trick to catch an emu - a bird whose meat was valued for its oils .
more than two dozen babies born to nepalese surrogates are being airlifted out of nepal to safety following saturday's earthquake . several premature babies - and some wounded people - were ferried to an israeli military base in the morning . later in the day, five more infants landed safely in tel aviv with their israeli families . some were seen resting peacefully in their carriers, while others were clutched tightly to their parents' chests .
asda forced to recall little angels 2 newborn soothers 0+ months . supermarket alerted to possible fault after customer complained on facebook . complainant said teat had detached from hard casing of one of the dummies . customers have been asked to dispose of the products or return them to asda .
laura robson shared a picture on instagram of her at tortuga festival . the 21-year-old has not played since the 2014 australian open first round . she had tendon surgery and is now said to be nearing a return .
dr terry dubrow and dr paul nassif, the resident experts on the popular e! series botched, spoke to cosmopolitan.com about the 'jaw-dropping' cases they were faced with this season . the duo, who have seen their fair share of cosmetic disasters, stressed that cosmetic procedures are 'as serious as brain surgery' .
vicious savage swan nicknamed asbaby has been pecking punters on the backs area of the cambridge river . mr asbo, the swan believed to be his grandfather, was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 after repeatedly attacking rowers . asbaby was seen at the weekend attacking tourists, eating sandwiches, drinking from water bottles and even trying to steal a woman’s handbag .
handbag clinic has opened in chelsea to cater to well-heeled clientele . clients include imogen thomas and made in chelsea stars stephanie pratt . it was set up to rejuvenate high-end accessories in need of a face-lift .
the photo was taken by brad allan in cape york, far north queensland . he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn when something caught his eye . the 50-year-old describes it as 'the sunrise digger who's been watching over us for 100 years'
skier 'jeff randl' travels to 'sweden' to compete in xtreme verbier . the bible-toting snowboarder plays on stereotypes about us tourists . he jumps queues, smokes marijuana and is buried in an 'avalanche'
jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve leicester's premier league survival chances . west bromwich albion are currently bottom of the premier league table . leicester have won just one of their last nine premier league games .
baltimore investigators handed over their files on freddie gray's death to prosecutors . mayor stephanie rawlings-blake seemed reluctant to do so .
child was outside shops with her older sister in brighton, east sussex . dog attacked her and she suffered a single puncture wound to upper lip . youngster was taken to royal alexandra children's hospital to undergo treatment .
local government association accuses soft drink firms of 'dragging their heels' cranberry classic juice drink found to have 11g of sugar per 100ml . pomegranate juice linked to resistance to prostate cancer and heart disease .
davion navar henry only, 16, has been adopted by his caseworker connie bell going and her family . davion has spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars . in 2013, he made a heartbreaking plea at his florida church for a family to 'love him forever' .
martin skrtel has been linked with a move to wolfsburg and napoli . the liverpool defender's contract expires in 2016 . slovakia international has made over 200 league appearances .
the eshima ohashi bridge in japan is the third largest of its kind in the world . it rises sharply so ships can pass underneath the concrete road bridge . the two-lane concrete road bridge spans a mile across lake nakaumi . it is the largest rigid frame bridge in japan and the third largest in the world .
new analysis of finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has declined . finland only did so well before because of influence of teacher-led methods . but it has slipped down international rankings tables as new techniques became widespread . findings will add weight to michael gove's arguments for teacher-led lessons .
stars took to instagram to show how they celebrated easter . from kim kardashian's last-minute baskets for toddler north west to myleene klass's bunny-themed egg hunt .
two men arrested after flight from london to cancun diverted to bermuda . plane was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight when it landed . bermuda police confirmed two men were taken into custody .
‘human harvest: china’s organ trafficking’ will show how researchers began to uncover the gory details . human rights lawyer david matas investigated allegations of organ harvesting of falun gong practitioners in china . the pair have spent years investigating organ trafficking in china . it's claimed political prisoners are being used as live organ donors .
aerostar plane approaches aero acres residential airpark in fort pierce, florida . landing gear has not been deployed and plane touches down on its belly . propellers ricochet off the ground as the wings bounce up and down from impact . pilot re-engages engines and takes off unceremoniously back into the air .
nikki and kyle kuchenbecker from illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, classic by mkto . video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on . from lunges to push-ups, the duo perform a range of moves in time to the beat .
luca railton was born with bones missing from his legs due to rare condition . doctors said he would have his right leg amputated or fused straight . but his family refused to accept these grim prospects, which would have left him severely disabled for life . they found a german surgeon who assured his parents his leg could be saved . luca underwent a series of operations including one to break his right leg and start lengthening his femur (thigh bone) now, luca is walking unaided and can even play cricket and tennis .
jack jordan proposed to girlfriend laura cant last christmas from his hospital bed . the pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant to prolong his life . but last week he was told he was too ill for the operation and has weeks to live . the couple are now set to marry in torbay hospital's chapel tomorrow .
the new policy allows for an american traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the u.s. transportation security administration once to find out whether he or she is on the no-fly list . in some cases, the government will not be able to provide an explanation because of national security concerns . the american civil liberties union, which has been challenging the constitutionality of the no-fly list in an ongoing federal lawsuit, said the explanations provided to six travelers so far have been inadequate .
11 channels associated with tv5monde went black late wednesday . the network also temporarily lost control of its social media outlets and its websites .
chamali fernando, candidate for cambridge, made 'shocking' suggestion . she said wristbands would help doctors, lawyers and police officers . ms fernando, a barrister for 12 years, said: 'the way they behave often affects the way they are treated' suggestion slammed by deputy prime minister nick clegg today .
david cameron will today warn english voters the snp's new powers could have an 'unforeseen detrimental effect' on their lives . mr cameron will call the idea the 'carlisle principle' to reflect the sort of border communities in the rest of the uk that could be badly affected .
hailey baldwin, 18, is the face of topshop denim and the daughter of actor stephen baldwin . she revealed that she would sleep over kim kardashian's apartment when she was working in new york at the start of her career .
youtube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action . footage shows the tabby producing a range of unusual gurgling noises . when her back is rubbed, she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds .
artist plastic jesus erected seven 'no kardashian parking anytime' signs around los angeles this week . the signs are in front of the kim, khloe and kourtney kardashian-owned clothing store dash . he says he got the idea for the piece while driving down melrose avenue in l.a. a few weeks ago, when traffic came to a standstill because of a kardashian shopping on the street .
karstein erstad discovered the worms while skiing in norway . he initially thought they were dead, but when he put them in his hand he found they were alive . there have been multiple reports of worm rainfall in southern norway .
naz shah, a mother-of-three from bradford, has previously claimed she was forced into marriage age 15 . but mr galloway's respect party claims to have a copy of her 'nikah', or pakistani marriage certificate, showing she married in 1990 . mr galloway produced the document at a hustings in bradford on wednesday night . he accused her of playing into negative stereotypes about pakistan and accused her of slandering the pakistani community 
bali nine ringleaders andrew chan and myruan sukumaran will face 12 marksmen at midnight on tuesday . the pair will be led from their isolated cells in batu prison through the wildly dense tropical forest . they will be given white clothing to wear and a choice whether to be blindfolded before facing the firing squad . a cross is placed over their hearts acting as a target for the 12 riflemen - of which nine will have blanks and only three will have live rounds .
a further 11 dentists were paid between £400,000 and £500,000 . more than 1,600 pocketed £100,000-£200,000 .
zeynab daghastani, 13, was shot and killed by isis snipers in yarmouk camp . she was trying to flee militant-held area of damascus, according to reports . aid workers said she was killed on tuesday as she made her way to yalda . thousands of palestinians have been trying to escape yarmouk since the area fell under isis control on april 4 .
the fa are understood to have secured a three-year contract with emirates airlines . the deal, due to be rubber-stamped by the fa board on thursday, is believed to be worth at least £10million a year . emirates have their arch abu dhabi airline rivals etihad as manchester city’s kit and stadium sponsors .
bruce jenner and linda thompson met at the playboy mansion . they fell in love and got married when she was pregnant with their first son, brandon . they later had a second son together, brody . bruce was travelling the world doing paid appearances and lived a glamorous life in malibu, frequently seeing his elder son, burt, and daughter casey . but when brody was 18 months old and brandon was three, bruce revealed that he identified as a woman .
during a lesson on tolerance and acceptance, children at horace mitchell primary school in kittery point were read i am jazz . the book is about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender . some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be transgender .
one venezuelan and two spanish citizens were arrested . the sailboat falsely flew an american flag in the caribbean .
new training will commence at los angeles international airport, one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the american civil liberties union . complaint was filed on behalf of malaika singleton, who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from los angeles to london in december 2013 . tsa said the re-training will stress 'race neutrality', and that a special emphasis will be placed on the 'hair patdowns of african-american female travelers'
nine british muslims caught trying to cross into syria are not welcome in england . labour candidate simon danczuk said it was 'unacceptable' they should be free to come home . it comes after nine members of the same family were arrested in turkey . mr danczuk lashed out at suggestions the family could return to uk .
school leaders warn the 'bleak' situation is likely to worsen . 44% of respondents had vacancies in english, 52% in maths and 50% in science . overall, 86% had 'difficulty' recruiting teachers for core subjects . london schools are experiencing the most problems, followed by the north west and east of england .
ken doherty is on the brink of going out of world championships qualifying . the former world champion trails mark davis 8-1 in sheffield . graeme dott must come from behind to book his place in the main draw . matthew stevens leads joe swail 5-4 as he bids for a first crucible appearance since 2013 .
davion navar henry only, 16, captured hearts around the country in 2013 when he made a plea to worshipers at florida's st mark missionary baptist church for a family to 'love him forever' this after he was adopted by a minister in ohio and sent back into the system after fighting with one of the minister's children . davion has now been adopted by his old case worker, connie bell going .
a 38-year-old man jumped into brush creek in kansas city, missouri, wearing only his skivvies . he was stopped by police after neighbors complained about a car blasting loud music . when firefighters tried to pull him out, he threatened them with a log . he has been taken to an area hospital to be treated for injuries to his arm and leg . he may face charges in connection to a hit-and-run crash .
nicky morgan said nigel farage is 'not my cup of tea' and would question if she was 'happy to serve' with the ukip leader . david cameron has urged ukip supporters to 'come home' to tories . but he has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on eurosceptic party .
rafael benitez could return to english football after leaving napoli . west ham need a coach of high ambition to underline the size of the venture . sam allardyce left his best players out of the starting line-up at chelsea .
manny pacquiao faces floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 . robert leslie shapiro gave pacquiao a speed ball with mayweather's face painted on it . pacquiao laughed with trainer freddie roach after receiving the gift .
rory mcilroy has won all four of his majors on courses subject to rain . mcilroy has huge hitting with sky-high ball flight means he can still fly his ball miles . the northern irishman's official coronation will come at augusta on sunday if he wins the masters to complete the career grand slam and consign the tiger woods era to the history books .
prime minister tony abbott promised a strong police presence across australia to keep the public safe on april 25 . two teenagers remain in custody following raids in melbourne's south-east . sevdet besim, 18, has been charged with conspiring to commit terrorist acts . another 18-year-old, from hampton park, is also expected to be charged with offences relating to preparing for a terrorist act .
jodie barden, 28, is mother to ella, eight, and chloe, one, who both suffer from cockayne syndrome, which gives them a life expectancy of just 12 . cockayne syndrome is a rare genetic disorder characterised by a failure to gain weight, premature ageing, an underdeveloped nervous system and a small head . sufferers usually don't live to see their teenage years and usually die from pneumonia .
geoff haigh, 61, wanted to marry partner heather after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer . the couple settled on a venue close to their home in oldham, greater manchester . but a number of blunders thwarted their special day from running smoothly . guests were forced to listen to the song 'wonderful life' 10 times in a row . the couple were left with three marriage certificates after officials got crucial details wrong on the first two .
brenna happy cloud of salem, oregon, found herself locked out of her facebook account last week . for five days she received the same message every time she attempted to logged in . facebook's helpdesk eventually contacted happy cloud and asked for proof of identity and even a copy of her social security card .
sir bradley wiggins and geraint thomas avoided being caught up in a major crash in the final kilometre of scheldeprijs on wednesday . team sky team-mate elia viviani hit the barriers in a crash which sent around 50 riders to the ground, and went to hospital for x-rays . wiggins' penultimate outing for the team ahead of sunday's paris-roubaix .
christian eriksen says tottenham will struggle to attract top players if they miss out on qualifying for the europa league next season . spurs currently sit sixth in the barclays premier league, enough to qualify . eriksen says the lure of europa league football played a big part in his decision to join spurs back in 2013 .
carmem dierks, 60, was running the dodgy practice in west orange county, florida . she is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab . during a raid on her practice, authorities discovered hundreds of patient files, two dentist chairs, an x-ray machine and dental molds .
andros townsend was brought on as tottenham drew with burnley on sunday . paul merson initially angered townsend by writing in his sky sports column that 'if andros townsend can get in (the england squad) then it opens it up to anybody' townsend hit back at merson after scoring for england against italy .
novak djokovic is tipped to end rafa nadal's stranglehold at roland garros . the world no 1 has won 17 matches on the bounce this season . nadal is looking to win a sixth consecutive french open .
juan mata says manchester united must look at next seven games as 'finals' spaniard has been in fine form for louis van gaal's side this season . united have won five premier league games on the bounce .
sunderland are considering a summer move for werder bremen forward franco di santo . di santo has scored 13 goals in 22 games for werder bremen this season . the argentine played for wigan for three seasons before being sold .
protesters rally in baltimore late tuesday . police release names of six officers suspended with pay . freddie gray died of a spinal injury sunday .
jamie silvonek, 14, and her boyfriend, 20-year-old army spc caleb barnes, have been charged with homicide and criminal conspiracy . cheryl silvonek, 54, was stabbed to death in her pennsylvania driveway on march 15 . barnes was on leave from fort meade in maryland at the time of the slaying . silvonek texted barnes, 'i want her gone,' hours before the slaying .
jamelia said obese women 'should feel uncomfortable' about their size . the loose women panellist said she was 'hounded on twitter' after airing views . now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20 . co-panellists leap to her defence saying she was only referring to size 20 .
aston villa host qpr in the premier league on tuesday night . chris ramsey believes tim sherwood will keep villa in the top flight . ramsey says if he 'was a betting man, which we’re not allowed to do, i would be putting a bet on him keeping them up' .
the 18th-century ballyfin is at the foot of the slieve bloom mountains in the centre of ireland . kim kardashian and kanye west were seen travelled by mercedes to the hotel during their first holiday as a married couple . the hotel boasts a luxurious pool, which can be enjoyed with privacy due to its small volume of rooms .
kieran agard, joe bryan and aaron wilbraham scored for bristol city . steve cotterill needs just two more wins to get bristol back into the championship . city took revenge for a bitterly fought 1-0 defeat back in november .
kylie jenner's lip plumping trend has a #kyliejennerchallenge on twitter . surgeon says suction techniques can be dangerous . jenner has tweeted her disapproval of the trend .
wesley burton, a father-of-three and popular radio host at kpfa in berkeley, california, was killed in a hit-and-run in the early hours of saturday morning . the 36-year-old was driving home from work when a white dodge charger crashed into his silver mercury . burton had worked at kpfa for 20 years, co-hosting the sideshow radio and after hours music shows as well as working as a sound engineer on countless other shows .
cracking is caused by rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones . study also found that the knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds and that immediately before the popping sound there is a white flash, believed to be from water rushing together . experiment was made possible by magnetic resonance imaging (mri)
mark steven west, 32, will serve four months prison and eight years probation for having sex with a student in 2012 . he had previously said the girl instigated the moment, seducing him by saying she was 'feeling horny' but despite the light punishment, the judge was scathing in handing down her punishment, saying just three weeks after the incident the girl graduated .
manny pacquiao is preparing for his mega-fight with floyd mayweather . the pair will fight at the mgm grand in las vegas on may 2 . pacquiao shared a video of his early morning jog on wednesday .
tesco under pressure to axe 200 stores - on top of 100 already closed or cancelled . the loss is the largest ever declared by a british retailer . over the past 20 years, tesco went on a spending spree to build up vast land bank .
new york-based writer danielle page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice . the drivers, many of whom are married themselves, revealed their personal tips, life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love .
muhammadu buhari said his government will do 'everything in their power' . but he said he could not promise the girls would ever be found . it is now a year since more than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped .
researchers at different institutions in tokyo, noted that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain – an observation in previous studies . they wanted to find out whether the rodents do this as a reflex reaction, or to communicate their discomfort to others . they found that rats can read pain on other animal’s faces and use the information to make decisions .
scientists in belgium say all sweet potatoes contain 'foreign dna' . agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species . this makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism' and humans have been eating it for thousands of years . the researchers studied 291 sweet potatoes from the americas, africa, asia and oceania .
'i think john kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the iranians wouldn’t say much about it,' the republican lawmaker told radio host hugh hewitt during his thursday program . mccain, responding to the supreme leader of iran's proclamation yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is 'instant,' said he had 'sympathy' for iranian ayatollah ali
karim benzema will miss real madrid's champions league clash with atletico . carlo ancelotti is 'hesitating' between playing a 4-4-2 or 4-3-3 formation . barcelona coach luis enrique tops the list for results in his first 50 games .
people buying luxury items amid falling prices and rising wages . spending in restaurants has increased by 17% in the last 12 months . electronics spend has risen 7% as consumers buy expensive phones .
louis jordan, 37, took his 35-foot sailboat out in late january . he hadn't been heard from in 66 days .
elliot minchella has made six substitute appearances for leeds this season . the 19-year-old has joined london broncos on loan until the end of the season . minchella has been named in andrew henderson's 19-man squad for friday's game with featherstone .
adam johnson charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming . the 27-year-old answered bail at peterlee police station on thursday . he will now appear at peterlee magistrates court on may 20 .
london borough of barking and dagenham wants to introduce csi-style dna testing . owners must submit a dna sample from the inside of their pet's cheek . the council will match the animal responsible with any errant mess found . it hopes the testing will fit with new laws requiring owners to microchip their dogs by april next year .
erika langhart was in a coma in a virginia hospital when she had a heart attack . a doctor told her she had a link between birth control and pulmonary embolisms .
ukip leader made the remarks after being asked to justify scarcity of black and asian faces in the manifesto . he said there was a 'half black' party spokesman featured prominently - and 'one fully black person' the question provoked noisy barracking, including from a group of black and asian candidates attending the launch .
eugenie bouchard is playing for romania in the fed cup world group play-off . the canadian star refused to shake hands with world no 66 alexandra dulgheru at a pre-match press conference in montreal . bouchard has suffered four defeats in her past six matches .
floyd mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit . the boxers are required to weigh no more than 10 per cent in excess of the 147 lb welterweight limit . mayweather is looking to extend his 47-fight unbeaten streak against manny pacquiao .
ronnie tran and his mother were kidnapped from their home in des moines, washington . police say the 40-year-old mother was stunned with a taser and bound with plastic ties before being driven with her son to a house in fife . she managed to untie herself, but had to flee without her son .
donald trelford had his son ben when he was 73 and his daughter poppy when he was 76-years-old . claire, 52, and peter, 74, have had a second child, poppy . mr trelford is the oldest living british new father .
the global slavery index says nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-saharan country . the global slavery index says nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-saharan country .
'it is, i think, worth noting that the republicans seem to be talking only about me,' she said . clinton is making her first campaign visit this year to new hampshire, a state beloved by the clinton family for giving both her faltering 2008 effort and her husband's struggling 1992 campaign a second wind . she also took issue with economic views expressed by members of her own party, offering a dark assessment of a 'stalled out' u.s. recovery .
chris zebroski has been jailed for four years and four months . the newport county striker admitted four charges of robbery, attempted robbery and assault . zebroski also attempted to rob two men in swindon after drinking heavily at a party .
the all-gender restroom has opened in the eisenhower executive office building . it’s something that fits in with the administration’s stance on lgbt issues . restroom opened as obama’s executive order on lgbt workplace discrimination went into effect .
maren sanchez, 16, was stabbed to death at jonathan law high school in milford, connecticut, on april 25, 2014 . a classmate, christopher plaskon, has been charged with her murder . hundreds of people gathered at the school on saturday to remember sanchez . the event included a road race, bounce houses and a dunk tank .
people have made the most of the sunny weather this weekend by heading to beaches and parks across the uk . best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2c at achnagart in the scottish highlands, followed by 14.5c in plymouth . incoming high tides and strong winds have prompted five flood alerts to be in place today - for devon, cornwall, somerset, bristol and cumbria .
kyle schwartz posts students' wishes on twitter using the hashtag #iwishmyteacherknew . the assignment sprang from conversations teachers have all the time, schwartz says .
tara and gavin hills, from kanata, canada, have been anti-vaxxers for six years, until their seven children came down with whooping cough . at first, mrs hills thought her kids had a cold, but then she heard their deep, booming cough that made them gag and vomit . four days later, lab tests confirmed whooping cough - an infection of the respiratory system characterized by severe coughing spells . before a vaccine was developed, whooping cough killed up to 10,000 people in the us annually .
tyra banks made her awards ceremony hosting debut on sunday at the 42nd annual daytime emmy awards in burbank, california . the 41-year-old model and television personality delivered on her promise of multiple outfit changes . matt lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast on the pop basic cable network .
of the 446 people on board the italian rescue vessel, the navy said 59 of them were children . they were dropped off in the sicilian port of augusta today after their smuggler boat was picked up off the coast of the italian mainland .
russian scientist says distant ancestor of humans had tentacles . one such creature can be seen at the centre of this illustration . they lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food . it's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today . warming climate may have enabled earliest humans to venture into western europe 1.4 million years ago .
manchester united have been considering a bid for edinson cavani . but psg owner nasser al-khelaifi has ruled out selling the striker . cavani scored twice in the french league cup final against bastia .
joshua corbett is charged with stalking and breaking into actress sandra bullock's los angeles home in june last year . bullock called 911 after seeing an intruder in her home heading for the attic . corbett was seen clutching a notebook with a two-page letter to bullock and magazine photos of the actress when he was arrested . a judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence for corbett to go on trial .
bull riding is one of the most dangerous sports in the world . one in every 15 bull rides ends in injury of some sort . but that isn't enough to stop hundreds of child riders from taking the hot seat . lance lara, 10, from fort worth, texas, was crowned world champion last year .
jesinta campbell was a fan of wellness blogger belle gibson . she followed her inspirational story of cancer survival . gibson has finally admitted she faked her cancer diagnoses . campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel let down by her deception .
the fbi said on wednesday that zulkifli bin hir, a malaysian member of the al qaeda-linked jemaah islamiah militant group, is dead . bin hir was believed to be behind numerous bombing attacks in the philippines .
the six are accused of conspiracy to provide material support and attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization . the men planned to reach syria by flying to nearby countries from minneapolis, san diego or new york city, and lied to federal investigators when they were stopped . the six were arrested sunday in minneapolis and san diego and are scheduled to make initial appearances in federal court on monday .
lawrencium currently sits at the bottom of the periodic table at the end of a group of elements known as the actinides . but new research suggests the rare metal may have properties similar to sodium and potassium . this may fuel arguments that it would be better placed in the main body the periodic table .
jaap stam had just ordered a new kitchen when he was sold to lazio . the then manchester united manager didn’t mention that his son, jason, stood to make a seven-figure sum in his role as an agent in the deal . sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself, according to roy keane .
gael monfils beat roger federer 6-4, 7-6 at the monte carlo masters . monfils won a pulsating 31-shot rally to bring up three break points . the frenchman won another grueling point and served out comfortably .
british officers forced to accept four-day inspection from experts from moscow . they are attending exercise joint warrior, designed to send a signal to putin . britain and 11 other nato countries set to contribute to the naval exercise .
sarah weatherill, 31, was so dependent on red bull she drank 24 cans a day . law student was lethargic, depressed, suffered heart palpitations and was constantly feeling anxious . she was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure . hypnotherapist said she was cured of addiction after one 50-minute session .
ronald koeman has promised not to leave southampton this summer . the dutchman has been a revelation in his first season in england . koeman's southampton only need a point to break their premier league points tally set last season under mauricio pochettino .
catherine grove, 28, vanished from fayetteville, arkansas, in july 2013 . she returned six days later to the church of wells in wells, texas . her parents, andy and patty grove, believe she was brainwashed . she has now announced in a video that she will marry an elder . church has been accused of sexual abuse, kidnapping and human trafficking .
'ahhhh #poldark, i'm not ok!,' tweeted one disgruntled viewer . 'waking up to a week with no #poldark to look forward to. gawd, life is tough' .
the duffel bag was found shortly before 8am on saturday near a building used by biotechnology company biogen inc. . surveillance footage led police to an apartment complex across the street where additional human remains were found in a common area . all of the remains are believed to belong to one person, whose death is being treated as a homicide . the person under arrest will be arraigned monday in cambridge district court on charges of being an accessory after the crime of assault and battery and improper disposal of human remains .
a four-year-old child climbed under a temporary bike rack along pennsylvania avenue triggering secret service to put the white house under lockdown . the child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on sunday afternoon . the incident is the second lockdown in washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on saturday .
ernst haas was one of the 20th century's great photojournalists and image-makers . haas was also a regular on movie sets in the '50s .
lynne abraham, 74, collapsed on stage 10 minutes into the hour-long debate between democratic candidates running for mayor of philadelphia . a doctor evaluated abraham backstage and told her she probably suffered from a sudden drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights . speaking to reporters after the fall, abraham said she was embarrassed but feeling well and that the incident won't impact her campaign .
james haskell posted the image on instagram dressed as iron man . the london wasps captain returned to the club for the 2012 season . haskell has played rugby in france, japan and new zealand .
liverpool beat newcastle united 2-0 at anfield on monday night . jordan henderson and simon mignolet both played their 47th game of season . henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the premier league .
apple released a new line of emojis on thursday that include more diversity . lz granderson: for many, these emojis are recognition that their own race is part of mainstream america .
at least 55 greyhound carcasses were found in the coonarr area, near bundaberg, on tuesday . a joint rspca and queensland police taskforce is now investigating . early investigations suggest the dogs were killed before a four corners special which exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry . there were no greyhound training facilities or connections to the racing industry in the area, a police spokesperson said .
danny ings is a top target for manchester united . liverpool are also interested in signing the striker . robin van persie and radamel falcao's futures are uncertain .
anthony corrales of new jersey was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last june near resorts world casino in queens, new york city . he claims a car cut in front of him after refusing to let him change lanes . corrales claims he got out of the car at a red light to take the license plate number, and was driven several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver - a retired nypd officer named robert muller . corrales claims muller followed him into the casino parking
the ohio court of claims granted the money to wiley bridgeman, 60, and kwame ajamu, 57 . bridgeman, ajamu, and ricky jackson, now 59, were sent to death row after aggravated murder convictions in the slaying of cleveland businessman harry franks in 1975 . last year, the three men were exonerated after the case against them fell apart when the prosecution's key witness recanted his testimony as an adult and said he
douglas bader was shot down over france in august 1941 and ended up in a german prison camp in warburg . he was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dates the break in 1944 immortalised in the great escape . his life story has already been the subject of the successful film reach for the sky in 1956 starring kenneth more .
mandy francis tried out the best brands on the high street with her children . the swan come dine with me ice cream & gelato maker costs £49.99 .
chelsea will play paris saint-germain in north carolina on july 25 . the blues will also play the new york red bulls on july 22 and barcelona on july 28 . chelsea will then play fiorentina at stamford bridge on august 5 . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
snowboarder in japan uses selfie stick to film himself on the slopes . weaves down the mountain and even causes snow to spray in the air . but as he adjusts the camera, he is oblivious to the chairlift .
rafael nadal was knocked out of the barcelona open by fabio fognini . the italian won 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) in front of a home crowd . nadal was looking for his ninth career title on the catalan clay court .
ukip leader nigel farage was interviewed by itv's julie etchingham . the 51-year-old revealed he loved skinny-dipping in the english channel as a boy . he also revealed his battle with testicular cancer and plans to go on and on as ukip leader until 2030 .
deva joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at london stansted airport . she was told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to spain . offered to pay for second item to be put in hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one .
indiana's memories pizza refuses to cater a same-sex couple's wedding . "dear #memoriespizza. no. my boycotting your business because i don't like your religious bigotry is not a violation of your freedom to practice your religion," one tweet says .
sergiu bus opened the scoring for sheffield wednesday in the 86th minute . ishmael miller equalised for huddersfield just a minute from time . the result leaves huddersfield without a win in their last seven games .
revellers tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire in jharkhand state . seconds later they throw themselves into the flame while a hindu priest throws oil to stoke the blaze as he chants religious hymns . locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease .
spain's identity has been eroded by the passage of time . the transition from excellent to elderly is never fun . the academy graduates are the natural place to look for fresh, young, well-drilled recruits ready to take on the world . juan bernat's arrival to the champions league quarter-final for bayern munich is a good sign .
the supreme court's oral arguments on tuesday will cap more than two decades of litigation and a transformation in public attitudes . justice anthony kennedy has been marching in this direction with opinions dating back to 1996 . in his most recent gay rights decision for the court in 2013, kennedy deplored that u.s. law for making gay marriages 'unequal'
britons spend an average of £62 a week on rewarding themselves, study claims . treats can range from as little as a bar of chocolate to a glass of wine . men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves . swansea shoppers are the most frivolous, with 44 per cent splurging .
nasa's messenger spacecraft is slowly spiraling towards mercury's scorched surface . the spacecraft is currently 18 miles (29.1km) above the planet . it is expected to smash into the planet's surface on 30 april . but as its mission draws to an end, it is sending back incredible images .
joni mitchell, who has suffered from morgellons disease for most of her life, has dedicated herself to trying to get it accepted as a medical condition . sufferers say they are constantly itching, and large sores develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow . mitchell, who suffered from polio as a child, has recently dedicated herself to trying to get the disease accepted as a medical condition .
uefa have ordered the final 18 seconds of the european women's under 19 championship qualifier between england and norway to be replayed following a refereeing error . back in 2005 uzbekistan were playing bahrain in the asian zone fourth-round play-off first leg when japanese referee toshimitsu yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick . this happened in the 38th minute and fifa ordered that the entire match be replayed .
researchers at the university of huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins . the breakthrough may eradicate a stumbling block which has often meant it was impossible to tell which of the pair was guilty of a crime . hrma subjects the dna to increasingly high temperatures until the hydrogen bonds break, known as the melting temperature . the more hydrogen bonds that are present in the dna, the higher the temperature required to melt them .
new generation of suncreams promise to protect against infra-red a rays . others say they protect the skin from the inside . here, consultant dermatologist bav shergill gives his verdict .
the 46-year-old singer has filed for guardianship over daughter bobbi kristina's estate according to a saturday report from nbc affiliate 11alive . this news comes just days after the 22-year-old's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed . bobby was spotted earlier this week spending time at the dekalb medical center in decatur, georgia, where his daughter is being cared for .
napoli lost 1-0 at home to lazio in the coppa italia semi-final on wednesday . napoli president aurelio de laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp if they do not improve between now and the end of the season . the defeat increased pressure on coach rafael benitez .
paul monk, 54, wanted by spanish police for questioning over kidnap and murder of francis brennan . brennan, 25, from liverpool, disappeared in javea in january last year after being kidnapped by men posing as police . civil guard officers in alicante today confirmed they believe monk, from essex, may be implicated in the violent death .
fifa have trialled goal-line technology for the first time . leigh griffiths scored a penalty in celtic's scottish cup semi-final . josh meekings was sent off for a foul on leigh griffiths .
zeke celello, two, burst into tears when hillary clinton announced she was running . clinton, 67, has been secretary of state, senate and eight years as first lady . he has the advantage of youth and will not be perceived as insider .
swansea host hull city at the liberty stadium on saturday . garry monk's side are currently in eighth place in the premier league . swansea have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat the 47-point mark posted in their inaugural premier league campaign in 2011-12 .
kiradech aphibarnrat fired six birdies in the space of nine holes on saturday . the thai fired six birdies in the space of nine holes to overtake peter uihlein . double masters champion bubba watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74 to finish two over par .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 in their premier league clash on saturday . aaron ramsey scored the only goal of the game in the 12th minute . olivier giroud wants the gunners to continue their winning run .
aerial photographs taken above whitefish bay on eastern lake superior, ontario, show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse . they are carrying a variety of goods from canadian grain to us iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks . the ships desperately need a path cut through the lake by canadian and us ice breakers, which have been hampered by the extreme conditions .
thomas brock, 30, died when he was fatally shot at his home in pasadena . he had been involved in a traffic altercation in the lead up to his death . alleged killer returned to his home with a gun and kicked down his door . brothers steven rodriguez, 24, and jacob rodriguez, 29, have been charged .
researchers from national chung hsing university in taiwan found its shape is determined by two competing groups of proteins . they converted lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the 'l' complex and the 'sp' complex, using gene silencing . they found that in mature orchid flowers, the expression pattern suggests two protein complexes, called the 'l' complex and the 'sp' complex, compete to promote the formation of the lip and standard petals .
120 confirmed hiv cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to scott county, about 30 miles north of louisville, kentucky . health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested . the growing number could put pressure on pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program that he approved on march 26 . since pence approved the temporary needle exchange, 5,322 clean syringes have been provided to 86 participants .
gareth bale could miss real madrid's trip to rayo vallecano on wednesday . carlo ancelotti's side face their second la liga game in four days . bale scored real madrid's first goal in their 9-1 win over granada on sunday .
england defeated west indies in the second test in sri lanka . alastair cook was the key to england going one-up against the tourists . cook looks completely in charge of this england team .
u.n. official: boat that sank may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship . italian authorities say only 28 survivors were rescued; u.n. official says 24 bodies have been recovered .
mike holpin, 56, boasts he had 40 children by 20 women . admits he would not recognise many of his offspring in the street . now engaged again, he keeps track of their names with family tree tattoo . recovering alcoholic says 16 of his children have been taken into care .
the 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on april 16 last year with most of the victims high school students . thousands of protesters met in the capital seoul to call on officials to raise the sewol . a total of 295 bodies were recovered from the ferry, and nine victims remained unaccounted for when divers finally called off the dangerous search of its interior last november .
pep guardiola's bayern munich contract expires at the end of the 2016-16 season . ottmar hitzfeld believes lucien favre should replace guardiola at the allianz arena . the former bayern boss says favre is a candidate for the german giants .
egyptians, the babylonians, minoans and mycenians collapsed 3,200 years ago . professor eric cline claims they were hit by a 'perfect storm' of disasters . he says a series of droughts, famines, climate change, earthquakes, invasions and internal rebellions between 1225bc and 1177bc happened in quick succession .
kestrel and barn owl lunged at each other with sharp talons and beaks . the birds were trying to gain mastery of the nesting box so they could lay eggs and rear their young in safety . despite the owl's cuddly reputation, it came out the victor, forcing the kestrel to seek an alternative home for itself and its mate .
may pat christie, 51, quit her $475,000-a-year job at finance firm angelo gordon & co this week, a family spokesman confirmed . the official reason for the resignation was 'to spend more time with her family and young children' but many will see the move as a sign that new jersey governor chris christie, 52, is coming closer to running for president in 2016 .
missoula: rape and the justice system in a college town, released tuesday, sparked a fierce debate in montana and beyond . bestselling author jon krakauer sat down for an interview with abc's nightline, which aired wednesday night .
singer's mouth moved perfectly in time with the music on saturday . it is believed she had a fake jaw triggered by a remote control . ofcom received 21 complaints and itv received a further 35 . rspca said it would be contacting britain's got talent 'to ascertain methods used'
kyle seitz, 37, of ridgefield, connecticut, left his 15-month-old son, benjamin, in the back seat of his jeep cherokee on july 7, 2014 . seitz forgot to take benjamin to day care and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work . temperatures that day soared into the upper 80s . seitz told the authorities he 'felt shock and terror' when he realized benjamin was dead in the back seat .
a programmer has created these stunning graphs to reveal the dominant colour of artworks through history . orange has always been the most popular colour - although in recent years blue has begun to catch up . the graph is based on 94,526 images for the years 1800-2000 .
adriana giogiosa was reported missing by her brother after he could not contact her at the house in majadahonda, a suburb of madrid . the landlord of the house, a 32-year-old spanish man with a history of psychological problems, has been arrested . police are said to have found blood and an industrial meat grinder at the property in a quiet street . at least two of the other missing tenants are thought to be women from argentina and the man's aunt has also not been found .
richie benaud has died at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer . benaud won 63 test caps between 1952 and 1964 . he collected 248 wickets with his leg-spin and scored 2,201 runs at 24 .
anne frank died of typhus in a nazi concentration camp at the age of 15 . her older sister, margot, died at least a month earlier than previously thought . researchers re-examined archives of the red cross, the international training service and the bergen-belsen memorial .
the fulton county medical examiner's office identified the woman as 25-year-old alexia christian . the incident happened on thursday afternoon near the fulton county courthouse in downtown atlanta . christian was taken into custody and placed in a patrol car . at one point she fired at least two shots at the officers, and they returned fire, fatally wounding her .
american idol runner-up clay aiken body-slammed rep. renee ellmers on monday's howard stern show . 'she's a b**ch!' aiken, 36, said . ellmers, an intensive-care nurse who married a surgeon, plays an unwitting part in the show . 'i think her self-esteem is just in the floor. under the floor,' said aiken .
psg were thrashed 5-1 on aggregate by barcelona in the champions league . zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti returned to the ligue one side . laurent blanc said barcelona know the patience required to win the competition .
amnesty international calls for an independent investigation of police killings . 20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers were killed by police in southeastern india . the incident took place early tuesday in india's southeastern andhra pradesh state .
vit jedlicka, 31, is a member of the czech republic's conservative party of free citizens . he is the self-declared president of 'liberland', which is located on the banks of the danube river . the land was apparently forgotten when the balkan peninsula split into new countries following the breakup of yugoslavia in the 1990s .
the california department of corrections has set up a sensitive needs housing unit to protect former members from the gangs . the units are located inside level iv maximum-security facilities . the cdc has seen a dramatic increase in requests from inmates seeking special protection for dropping out of gangs .
douglas mark hughes, 61, flew from gettysburg, pennsylvania, to washington, dc, on wednesday, april 15, 2015 . he violated national airspace by flying a one-person gyrocopter onto the west lawn of the us capitol . hughes, a us postal service mail carrier, described his flight upon arriving home in ruskin, florida, early on sunday .
peter mutty was sentenced to six months jail and 75 lashes for alcohol possession . he was caught with two cartons of beer, one box of red wine and one box of white wine in his car in saudi arabia . the 57-year-old engineer says he has received little help from the australian embassy in saudi arabia . he has been banned from travelling out of the country or working .
west ham face manchester city in the premier league on sunday . cheikhou kouyate is wary of facing the champions . the hammers have lost four of their last six matches .
stolen artwork was found in a caretakers garage in wiley park, inner-city sydney . police were investigating a car syndicate when they executed a search warrant on a wiley park property . 18 paintings were taken from property investor, peter o'mara's home along with a bronze statue and silver bowl . the artworks were delivered to the art gallery of new south wales and have been ruled to chubb insurance for possession .
nico rosberg will start sunday's race behind team-mate lewis hamilton . german missed out on pole by just 0.042secs in shanghai . rosberg has now been out-qualified by hamilton at each of the three races this season .
ravi opi, nepal, is only 30 kilometers east of kathmandu but the journey takes almost two hours . 90% of the houses are currently uninhabitable; some are still standing, but seem precarious . nepal's government has pledged $1 billion in aid to the region .
the average shoe size in the uk has risen from a dainty 41 ⁇ 2 in 1900 to a roomy six today . but fascinatingly, lots of stars from elle macpherson to gwyneth paltrow all have surprisingly huge feet .
labour leader visited the gurdwara during a campaign tour of the midlands . but his team banned national media journalists from the event on wednesday . worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures . mr miliband donned a red head-covering to comply with sikh customs .
paul childs is the second liberal democrat election candidate to go public with their hiv positive status . the air steward said he was infuriated by nigel farage's 'scaremongering' over the number of foreigners who have the virus . mr childs is running in the liverpool riverside seat .
bill and denise richard wrote an op-ed for the boston globe on tuesday, the two-year anniversary of their son martin's death . the richards want dzhokhar tsarnaev to be spared the death penalty . tsarnaev, 21, was found guilty on all counts related to the april 15, 2013 attack on the boston marathon finish line . the jury will decide next week whether to sentence him to death or life in prison without the possibility of parole .
pm insists coalition has spent five years 'trying to lift people up' in easter message . church provoked row by publishing guide to how christians should 'approach election' bishops insisted it was not targeted at any particular party .
ander herrera scored a brace against aston villa on saturday . the spaniard appeared to have his eyes shut when making contact . six of herrera's seven goals have been scored without him seeing goal .
anthony mann, 78, sat quietly sobbing in the dock as he listened to details . he plunged a kitchen knife into his wife janet's chest in a moment of impulse . mrs mann's health had deteriorated since 2008 and she was suffering from dementia, was unable to go to the toilet alone and was in chronic pain .
the pentagon announced tuesday it would exhume the remains of nearly 400 sailors and marines killed on the uss oklahoma . the ship capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the december 7, 1941, surprise attack from japanese forces . the move is apparently part of a new policy on disinterring the remains of unknown troops .
double olympic champion mo farah will race in birmingham on june 7 . the 32-year-old will step down for the diamond league event . farah will compete in the first time he's competed in 1,500m since 2013 .
more than seven million episodes from seasons one to four illegally downloaded . total illegal downloading of show is up 45 per cent year-on-year . top country for illegal downloads was brazil, followed by france, us, canada and uk . top five tv shows illegally downloaded were walking dead (5.7m), breaking bad (3.8m), vikings (3.4m) and house of cards (2.7m)
zlatan ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot after sebastien squillaci was sent off . edinson cavani doubled the lead just before half time with a header . psg retained the french league cup with a 4-0 win over bastia .
anthony stokes carjacked someone, broke into a home, shot an elderly woman, police say . stokes died after his car hit a pole, police say .
british and norwegian vets call eu directives 'scientifically illiterate' organic farmers must first use 'substances from plants, animals or minerals in a homeopathic dilution' after this, farmers may use 'plants and their extracts not having anaesthetic effects'
tiger woods returned to action at augusta national golf club . the 39-year-old completed 11 holes of practice on monday . woods has not won a major since the 2008 us open . the last of his four masters wins was a decade ago .
declan fitzpatrick has been forced to retire from rugby on medical grounds . ulster and ireland prop has experienced a number of concussions . fitzpatrick won seven caps for ireland, the last of which was against new zealand during the 2013 autumn tests .
maya angelou, the acclaimed author of such classics as i know why the cage bird sings and on the pulse of morning, was issued a forever stamp on tuesday . the stamp was unveiled at an event featuring first lady michelle obama and postmaster general megan j. brennan . the problem however, is that the featured quote on the stamp was actually that of another writer .
twitter users have begun editing ed miliband's face on famous men's bodies . marlon brando, harrison ford, neil armstrong and even poldark have had makeovers . labour leader has been consistently unpopular in poll ratings .
gerry tynan and anne lewin came up with same eight-letter double entendre . countdown co-host nick hewer tried to stifle his laughter with 'erection' . dr phil hammond saved the day with nine letter word 'recondite'
attorneys for brown's parents, lesley mcspadden and michael brown sr., filed the complaint at the st. louis county courthouse on thursday . they are seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages, and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean, disregard, or underserve its african-american population' the lawsuit alleges that officer darren wilson destroyed evidence after he shot brown on the street of the st
melanie and vanessa iris roy decided to each carry a child one year apart . the north carolina moms took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies, recording when their son jax was born followed by their daughter ero, a year later . the couple then uploaded the images to instagram and they quickly went viral - their young family becoming an unexpected internet sensation almost overnight .
arsenal are close to signing 16-year-old maxi romero from velez sarsfield . gunners chief negotiator dick law has flown to argentina to rubber-stamp the deal . law has been dubbed the next lionel messi .
researchers say antibiotics could be contributing to obesity epidemic . a third of 10-11 year olds and a fifth of 4-5 year olds in england are overweight . children who took antibiotics as young babies were particularly likely to be overweight . repeated prescriptions before the age of two also raised the odds of being a fat toddler .
tickets for floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao at the mgm grand in las vegas have sold out within a minute of going on sale . one ticket priced at $128,705 (£85,508) on stubhub . less than a minute after 8pm uk time (12 noon in las vegas), the ticketmaster website announces that no tickets are available .
the lowenbrau keller in sydney's the rocks has released a social media and public transport campaign which they claim sexually objectifies women . collective shout has slammed the eatery for their latest campaign . the campaign features the slogan 'wunderbra' underneath a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins . the same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption 'make mein a dubbel' .
jordan spieth broke ray floyd's 54-hole scoring record at the masters . spieth is the third player his age to take a healthy lead into final round . phil mickelson will start five behind spieth at 16 under par .
thiago alcantara scored the winning penalty as bayern munich beat bayer leverkusen . the spaniard challenged for the ball but followed through with a kick into stefan kiessling's chest . bayern goalkeeper manuel neuer saved josip drmic's effort from the spot . thomas muller scored from the spot as bayern progressed to the german cup semi-finals .
irina shayk, 29, split from boyfriend christiano ronaldo in january . the russian model, 29, is seen in new campaign for linda farrow eyewear . she has teamed retro-inspired sunglasses collection with metallic swimsuit .
robbie clark spent his £50,000 life savings on home care for the 96-year-old . brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer . help for heroes has launched a fundraising drive to keep mr clark in his own home .
cecil hamilton-miller prosecuted dozens of men and women at bergen-belsen . he was mayor of glastonbury and part of team that prosecuted 31 guards . mr hamilton-miller died in 2001, aged 91, after a long battle with cancer .
ap mccoy finished fifth on shutthefrontdoor in last saturday’s grand national . the 20-time champion will not ride in the scottish national at ayr . benvolio, mccoy's intended mount, was scratched due to unsuitable conditions .
the usc women's tennis team capped off an undefeated conference season on thursday by winning the pac-12 championship . the second-ranked girls defeated the women of the university of california -los angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win . in celebrating their big victory, they smashed and broke the trophy .
a hearing in the case is scheduled for friday in alexandria . the university is demanding he identify himself publicly, despite arguments that doing so would expose not only him but the woman who says she was assaulted . the student says he had been in a longstanding relationship with the woman, and that they frequently engaged in sadomasochistic role playing .
the council will now offer up to £200,000 to candidates, rather than the £160,000 enjoyed by former chief boss martin kimber . the rest of the cabinet resigned in february after a government report said the council was 'not fit for purpose' and 'in denial' about exploitation .
jack white announced he'll take a hiatus from touring . he'll play a brief, first-ever acoustic tour that will hit "the only five states left in the u.s. that he has yet to play"
police in western australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of fallen afl star ben cousins . officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about former west coast eagles player daniel kerr . acting commissioner of west australian police, stephen brown, confirmed to daily mail australia an internal investigation is underway . cousins was arrested three times in two weeks in march, and another warrant was issued for his arrest in april when he failed to front court .
tao wei and yulong zhang found flaw on galaxy s5 running android 4.4 and older . flaw means that once a hacker has access they can monitor data recorded by built-in sensors, including the fingerprint scanner . when a fingerprint is scanned it is encrypted and separated from the rest of the phone . hackers typically can't access this encrypted file, but the flaw allows them to collect scans from the sensor before they reach this folder .
andre-pierre gignac opened the scoring for marseille after half an hour . blaise matuidi equalised for paris st germain after a mistake from marco veratti . gignac scored his second goal after a mistake from marco veratti . marquinhos made it 2-2 after zlatan ibrahimovic's mis-hit free kick .
an alligator reportedly attacked and ate a 100-pound dog at an alabama park in early april . pooch mavis was brought to arlington park in mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip . mavis was reportedly close to the park's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water .
more than 10,000 australians and new zealanders are sitting in reverence on the shores of the gallipoli peninsula . a vast sea of pilgrims from both nations have gathered at the anzac commemorative site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody gallipoli landings . defence force chief mark binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore . 'for so many, the rising sun that day would be their last,' he said .
traditional chinese medicine claims all manner of ailments can be cured by the natural world . it is often believed that the more endangered the animal is, the greater the healing effect it will have . guangzhou markets stock exotic and rare animals destined for restaurant menus, pharmacists and pet cages .
the new pet gps system is available for $50 per flight from 10 us airports . it allows owners to track their pets' journeys in real time via a website . the first-of-its-kind technology was developed by sendum wireless corp .
aueel manyang was moved from the intensive care unit at the royal children's hospital about 5.15pm on friday . her mother akon guode visited her daughter for the first time but did not stay the night in the hospital . ms guode crashed her 4wd into a lake at wyndham vale in melbourne's outer west on wednesday . her siblings - one-year-old brother bol and four-year-old twins madit and anger - died when the car plunged into 
john terry was caught up in a race controversy with anton ferdinand in 2011 . terry was cleared in court of racially abusing ferdinand but was fined £220,000 by the football association for 'using abusive language related to colour' chelsea defender gary cahill has backed terry to shrug off hostile reception .
alleged horse thief francis pusok, 30, chased by san bernardino county officers . they chased him several miles through the california desert, nbc footage shows . seconds later, two deputies catch up to him and stun him with taser . they then kick him in head and crotch, before other officers arrive . chillingly, after beating, a deputy whispered: 'this isn't over' san bernardino county
greg dyke has vowed there will be no repeat of the fa's failure to deliver potentially life-saving research into links between concussion and early on-set dementia . the fa and pfa promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early on-set dementia . jeff astle died aged 59 in 2002 from 'industrial disease' linked to repetitive head injuries sustained playing football .
tourists are invited to book a trip to russia and sleep in the habitat of the siberian tiger, one of the world's most endangered animals . bespoke tour operators natural world safaris is offering the rare trip which also gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat . the trip to durminskoye reserve in khabarovsk lasts seven days in total with guests spending time in the wild environs inhabited by the last remaining siberian tigers .
eu law bans insurers from giving more generous annuities to men . but it does not prevent them from paying rates based on jobs pensioners used to do . stephen mcdonald, of newcastle university business school, analysed this pay-by-job system .
laura alicia caldero, 26, claims she was sunbathing on a private beach in mexico . she claims she was arrested after refusing to pay a fine of about £70 . video footage of her arrest has gone viral in mexico and sparked outrage .
sugar pine mine near medford, oregon, was served with a federal stop-work order last month . the owners summoned armed guards from the conservative oath keepers activist network ahead of a major protest . the owners insist they want to avoid a high profile stand-off while blm officials say they want to resolve the dispute peacefully .
couples around the world are sharing their intimate proposal moment via the website howheasked.com and instagram account howheasked . alongside the thousands of pictures are the couples' touching proposal stories .
a proposed ban on alcohol in indonesia could deter australians from holidaying in bali . the number of australians visiting bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year . indonesia institute president ross taylor says the fate of bali nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about indonesia among fellow nationals . he said the proposal had 'horrified' authorities in bali .
the teacher, who had not been named, was teaching the fifth grade at hawthorne elementary in albuquerque, new mexico, when he made the chilling remark around a week ago . some students were so distressed by what they heard, that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher . mother margie brooks, whose son was in the class, said she was horrified by what the teacher told the students and felt the school waited too long to deal with the problem .
barbie's style instagram account, @barbiestyle, has more than 730,000 followers since it launched last august . the doll's vp of design, kim culmone, realized that the doll could also be presented in a more editorial way . @barbiestyle aims to attract trendy twentysomethings - so instead of mermaid and princess costumes, followers get fashion-forward outfits 'firmly rooted in reality'
perry clawson, a retired colonel, pitched up outside zeta beta tau frat house . said frat members spat on him and his service dog from their balconies . one veteran said: 'they spat on me and my service dog as well, and that's so disrespectful and it hurts' zeta beta tau frat house in gainesville, florida, is reeling from allegations of drunken abuse .
a chinese report says north korea may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads . peter bergen: the type of warhead gives a better clue to north korea's weapons capabilities .
new york city fc drew 2-2 with philadelphia union at yankees stadium . mehdi ballouchy opened the scoring before cj sapong equalised . david villa came off at half time with a hamstring strain .
publication of sir john chilcot's inquiry began in 2009 and cost taxpayer £10m . bereaved families say it is unlikely to be published until next year at earliest . report expected to criticise dozen of senior figures involved in 2003 conflict .
carwyn scott-howell got lost on the slopes and walked through woods . he was on holiday with his mother, brother and nine-year-old sister . police believe he was killed instantly in the fall in the french resort of flaine .
gareth southgate’s squad finished fourth in the toulon tournament last may . the nucleus of that group will be involved in the european under 21 championships this june . aidy boothroyd will be the man in charge of the under 20s this time . other participating countries include holland, the ivory coast, mexico and the united states .
saturday's football league action could see a number of ups and downs . watford can be promoted if they win and bournemouth lose . derby can secure a play-off spot if they win and millwall lose . preston will be promoted if they win and mk dons lose . sheffield united and chesterfield will be guaranteed play-off places .
kevin pietersen took part in a team photo shoot for surrey at the kia oval . the event comes ahead of the start of the county championship season . surrey begin their campaign against glamorgan on april 19 .
cystic fibrosis patients shouldn't be near each other because they share infections . face-to-face meetings with other cystic fibrosis patients are dangerous .
steve heighway predicted that steven gerrard would be a success in 1992 . the former england captain moves to mls side la galaxy . gerrard was pictured in the paper when he was just 12-years-old .
esteban cambiasso says keeping leicester up will feel like winning a trophy . the argentinian midfielder has won all major european competitions . leicester are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the premier league .
raheem sterling arrived at melwood on wednesday in a white range rover . the 20-year-old has been pictured holding a shisha pipe with jordon ibe . sterling has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide . the liverpool forward was filmed taking the drug with two friends .
the 39-year-old ethiopian-born stunner fronts vogue paris's upcoming may issue . mrs kebede, the last black woman to cover vogue paris was model rose cordero in march 2010 . in january of this year, british vogue ended a 12-year run of failing to use a single woman of colour on its cover .
queens park rangers are in the drop zone of the premier league with 28 points . chris ramsey's side face west ham, liverpool, manchester city, newcastle and leicester to close the season . ramsey believes qpr will stay in the top flight with three wins from five games .
luke rockhold beat lyoto machida by second-round submission . rockhold wants a title shot and a shot at mma history in new york . the senate again approved a bill to legalize and regulate the combat sport that includes boxing, judo, wrestling and kickboxing .
raymond lee fryberg jr. was arraigned in seattle on thursday, nearly six months after his son jaylen killed four classmates at marysville pilchuck high school then himself . fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he allegedly bought a pistol in january 2013 . the order was against him in tulalip tribal court in 2002 by a girlfriend who said he had threatened her, slapped her and pulled her hair .
matt kemp unleashed an expletive-ridden tirade on his pregnant wife lela radojkovic while filming at sydney's restaurant balzac in 2004 . the 44-year-old chef said he would work himself into a 'frenzy' because of his uncontrollable rage . kemp said he missed out on a lot of his children's childhoods .
tottenham signed dele alli from mk dons for £5million in january . the 19-year-old was named the football league young player of the year . alli is excited by the prospect of playing under mauricio pochettino .
carl thompson, 32, from dover, kent, eats 10,000 calories-a-day . he is too heavy to walk or wash himself and is confined to a flat . mr thompson has not had a job since he was 17 when he worked in a food factory . after the death of his mother in 2012 he turned to food as a means of comfort .
dr mehmet oz will take on his detractors in the medical community head-on during a special episode of his daytime talk show thursday . the 54-year-old physician found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 doctors sent a letter to columbia university calling for his resignation . oz addressed his attackers and accused them of trying to bully him into silence . 'this month, we celebrate my 1000th show,' oz says in a teaser clip preview .
olsi beheluli was a member of a gang responsible for selling class a drugs . the 24-year-old enjoyed living the 'high life' and gambling with the money . officers seized more than £4million worth of heroin and cocaine . they also found stacks of money, counterfeit documents and equipment . beheluli was jailed alongside fellow gang members for a total of 31 years .
rachelle owen, 16, died after being struck by train near hoylake station, wirral . her mother kay diamond, 44, was found dead in a flat in toxteth, liverpool . a 52-year-old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial .
david norris, 51, pounced on his wife dionne as she lay flowers at his grandmother's graveyard in southfleet, kent, in october last year . he lunged at her, knocking her over and grabbing her round the throat . she managed to struggle free momentarily before he jumped on her again, brandishing a knife . he only stopped stabbing her when she 'played dead' and a member of the public intervened .
director michael redwood paid tribute to late actor peter o'toole . o'toole can be seen laughing and joking with fellow cast members despite suffering from a long-term illness that would eventually prove fatal . he remained full-on 10 hours a day, showing great interest in the storylines, angles of shots and the lighting .
illinois rep. luis gutierrez is at the head of several house representatives who are creating a 'family defender toolkit' that they hope will help undocumented immigrants avoid deportation . the two-page booklet details president barack obama's expanded deferred action for childhood arrivals (daca) and deferred action for parents of americans and lawful permanent residents (dapa) policies . those policies, however, are currently on hold by a court order .
bournemouth face sheffield wednesday, bolton and charlton on saturday . slavisa jokanovic is not looking beyond birmingham as watford chase automatic promotion . steve mcclaren's derby must improve on recent away form at huddersfield .
tranmere are one point behind cheltenham and two points behind hartlepool . oxford beat tranmere 3-0, with kemar roofe scoring twice . relegation to the national league could happen under mark palios .
transavia france is offering cheap flights with packets of crisps, gummy bears and cereal bars at participating shops . customers who buy one of the products before the #snackholidays promotion ends on april 21 will find a voucher code . vouchers can be redeemed for a discounted flight to one of three destinations within europe .
frank lampard walked down king's road with fiancee christine bleakley . the 36-year-old has scored seven goals in 32 appearances on loan . lampard will join parent club new york city in july after signing a two-year deal .
dirk kuyt is returning to feyenoord, nine years after leaving liverpool . kuyt signed a one-year contract with the dutch eredivisie club . kuyt made 104 appearances for the netherlands and scored 24 goals .
christopher wheeler, 54, worked at the exclusive tower hill school in delaware . he had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $350,000 mansion in october 2013 . one of those showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male while performing a sex act . investigation stemmed from allegations he had sexually abused his adopted son, golfer nikolai, and two other teenagers .
chelsea signed wallace on loan from dutch side vitesse arnhem in january 2013 . the 20-year-old was with the squad for their trip to excelsior . wallace was arrested by vitesse on suspicion of a sexual offence . the brazilian defender has been released without charge .
fanuc cr-35ia claims to be the first 'heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot' to work with humans without the need for safety fences . the robot uses integrated vision technology called irvision to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches an operator . it can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries, from warehouses to production lines .
david cameron, ed miliband, nick clegg, nigel farage, natalie bennett, nicola sturgeon, leanne wood debated uk election . comres for itv had cameron, miliband and farage tied first with 21%; sturgeon close behind .
michael bisping takes on cb dollaway in montreal on saturday night . the manchester middleweight hopes to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career . bisping is open to fighting again in glasgow this july, five years since he last fought in the uk .
aaron cook was left out of great britain taekwondo squad at london 2012 . the british olympic association (boa) ratified the 24-year-old's move . british olympic chief bill sweeney insists the association worked 'really hard' to keep cook on board .
ivana chubbuck, 62, is a part therapist and part acting coach . she reduced beyoncé knowles to tears within five minutes . chubbuck's client list includes eva mendes, charlize theron, gerard butler, halle berry, sharon stone and many others .
a 17-year-old girl's 4-month-old infant was taken to a las vegas hospital, police say . a search warrant served at the family's home led to the arrest of the teen sister . police are searching for the parents, who may be in california with five other children .
swazi gold is grown in the tiny south african sovereign state of swaziland . farmers cross-pollinate the plant and can now yield double the crop . it boasts a staggeringly high concentration of thc, the psychoactive substance . youths as young as 14 are mixing swazi gold with heroin to create nyope . nyope contains a heroin concentration of around ten per cent .
ian bell and joe root put on 177 runs for fourth wicket in antigua . england reached 341 for five on day one with ben stokes unbeaten on 71 . england bowled west indies bowling so disciplined that it became a problem .
karen gaynor, 53, accused of causing criminal damage by pruning tree . magistrates at rotherham magistrates court took just 15 minutes to find her not guilty . mother-of-two was locked in a police cell for six hours and put on bail .
the first ipad was revealed by the late steve jobs in early 2010 . at the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular . within the first 24 hours of apple's launch the company sold 300,000 units . nine incarnations of the ipad have gone on sale, with the air 2 and mini 3 being the most recent .
lib dems admit best hope is to end up with 30-something mps after may 7 . clegg vows to set out which of his 'premier league policies' will be non-negotiable . pledge would mean raising spending on education every year from 2018 onwards and at all stages 'from cradle to college'
coral jones' daughter april was abducted from outside her home in october 2012 . mark bridger, 49, was jailed for life in 2013 but her body has never been found . mrs jones, 43, has received hate mail demanding her other children are taken into care . she was branded a 'bad mother' for letting april play in the street past 7pm . mrs jones said: 'unless they live in my shoes they have no right to tell me i am 
rolly robinson, from the blog beauty high, transforms himself into a kylie jenner lookalike in a new makeup video tutorial .
former california governor blasts indiana's religious freedom restoration act, calling it 'distracting and divisive' for the republican party . schwarzenegger wrote an op-ed for the washington post on friday . 'as an american, i’m incredibly concerned about what happened in indiana this week and the threat of similar laws being passed in other states.(but) as a republican, i’m furious,' he wrote .
luke munro, 19, and dylon thompson, 21, raided corner shop in blackpool . they pointed a 'realistic looking' gun at the family as they hid behind counter . munro was jailed for five years and thompson for three years and four months . police said the attack was 'extremely distressing' for the family .
lacey spears of scottsville, kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of garnett-paul spears . spears chronicled her son's illnesses on a personal blog called 'garnett's journey' and other social media . the new york judge who sentenced spears on wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still 'unfathomable in its cruelty'
a woman named michelle, 32, said the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on tuesday and almost hit her vehicle . she said she followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings . police have identified the driver as dan robert frank, 28, who was arrested earlier this month for an unrelated offence .
argentina beat ecuador 2-1 at the metlife stadium in new jersey on tuesday night . sergio aguero opened the scoring for argentina after eight minutes . javier pastore equalised for argentina shortly after half-time . lionel messi missed the game with a foot injury . argentina had beaten el salvador 2-0 in washington on saturday .
adam federici fumbled alexis sanchez's shot in extra-time at wembley . federici is due to marry girlfriend micaela gardner in italy on may 30 . federici apologised to fans after the game saying he was 'very upset' .
april 27 marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held in south africa . outrage is being heard on social media with "#weareafrica"
samantha harris was one of the most prominent faces at mercedes-benz fashion week australia in sydney this week . the only other indigenous face to join the 24-year-old is lauren feenstra . agency founder kira-lea dargin hopes 10 of her girls will be appearing at next year's fashion week .
toulon defeated leinster 24-17 in extra-time at stade velodrome . leigh halfpenny scored 20 points from six penalties and a conversion . ian madigan's long pass was intercepted by bryan habana . sean o'brien scored a late try for the hosts .
the native australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the australian mainland . now it’s disappeared from around 80 per cent of that area with small populations remaining in queensland, the northern territory and western australia . in recent years the bilby has become an important part of the australian easter tradition . predators like feral cats and foxes are the biggest threat to the bilby populations .
no more than 44 per cent of hillary clinton's twitter fan base consists of real people who are active in using the social media platform . at least 15 per cent – more than 544,000 – are completely fake . just 4 per cent of president barack obama's twitter followers are considered fake .
met police were sent to wales in 1969 to join fight against extremists . prime minister harold wilson was convinced terrorists would target charles . the eyes of the nation were on the heir to the throne at caernarfon castle .
surveillance footage shows 40-year-old todd phillips being struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during sunday's inaugural indy grand prix of louisiana . as the dale coyne racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault . amazingly phillips of franklin, wisconsin, only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches .
dayna dobias, 19, from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy . she hopes to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities .
javier hernandez scored the winner against atletico madrid on wednesday . the mexican striker is on loan at real madrid from manchester united . real are unlikely to take up option of making him permanent .
kieran loveridge allegedly had an affair with port macquarie woman jody marson . the prison guard has been named as a 30-year-old ironwoman competitor . loveridge killed thomas kelly in a brutal one-punch attack in 2012 . correctional services nsw has launched an investigation into the matter .
april morris of bennettsville, south carolina, thought she’d never see her beloved pit bull, nina louise again after she went astray in december 2013 . months of searching and a $500 cash reward proved fruitless . but this past saturday she couldn't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the pup's rescue on the nightly news . she was even more surprised when the bulletin revealed the whimpering canine had just given birth to ten pups .
hello connects with facebook so you can see who’s calling . pulls in publicly-shared data from a user's facebook profile . lets you easily block unwanted callers - even if their number isn't in your contacts book .
britain's biggest fashion retailer has overtaken rival marks & spencer on profits . next has an impressive line of designer copies selling for a fraction of the price . it also does its own versions of high-end homeware that won't break the bank .
aintree racegoer is seen staggering towards an elderly man, before he barges into him and knocks him onto the floor . the 63-year-old then stumbles backwards and falls to the floor in the middle of the road . the 34-year-old man walks off as people gasp and try to help the victim who was left lying on the floor . he was taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face . the man was named on social media as a manager called terry .
the california department of water resources has found no snow during its manual survey of the land at 6,800 feet in the sierra nevada in early april . governor jerry brown observed the survey on wednesday, which found the lowest water level in the sierra nevada snowpack since 1950 when records began . 'we're in a new era; the idea of your nice little green grass getting water every day, that's going to be a thing of the past,' brown said .
four members of the royals and three from the white sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl on thursday . kansas city pitcher yordano ventura was handed a seven-game suspension, fellow starter edinson volquez given five games . white sox pitchers chris sale and jeff samardzija were suspended five games each, while catcher tyler flowers escaped suspension but got an undisclosed fine .
photographer timothy bouldry travels the world photographing landfills . bouldry captures what it's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in india . the boragaon landfill is located in the city of guwahati, about 300 miles from bangladesh .
baylee almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on april 19, 1995, the day after her first birthday . her mother, aren, 23, saw the picture of her lifeless daughter on the front page of the local paper the next day . a day later, it had swept the world . two decades on, the shock is still raw .
fbi is investigating and security is being increased at other airports in southern california because of a 'known threat' from isis . intercepted communication and other intelligence led officials to believe that a plot could be under way . officials are concerned about threats to uniformed personnel or locations that lone wolves may want to target .
paul bramley, 28, died when andreas lubitz locked captain out of cockpit . lubitz, 27, then flew plane into mountainside killing all 150 people on board . girlfriend anneli tiirik, 23, said she did not blame co-pilot for crash . lubitz was found to have researched suicide methods in days leading up to crash .
robbie knievel, 52, was speeding in an suv on tuesday evening when he rear-ended a honda, causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other cars, police said . after the crash, knievel drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away . officers noticed that he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol, but he refused to perform a breath test and so officers got a search warrant to take a
justice diana bryant said surrogacy laws need to be overhauled to prevent cases of abandonment . she said commercial surrogacy is banned in australia and hopeful parents are forced to enter unlawful arrangements overseas . her statement is backed up by a recent bout of child abandonment cases, where parents refuse to carry through with overseas surrogacy deals . this week an australian couple were slammed after they left a baby boy born to their indian surrogate with his mother after she unexpectedly gave birth to twins .
isis released photographs of militants destroying christian graves in mosul . the images were posted on social media under the title leveling graves and erasing pagan symbols . the group released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration . it said that graves above the ground suggested that the dead person was closer to allah than the living, so must be demolished .
hue go can be controlled wirelessly from any ios or android device . it uses a rechargeable battery and offers three hours of continuous light . the dome-shaped lamp can also be used as a sleep aid and an alarm clock .
moises henriques has signed a deal to play in the natwest t20 blast . the australia all-rounder will join surrey after the indian premier league . henriques will also be covering for kumar sangakkara .
ukip leader risked alienating those watching at westminster's central hall . protested they were 'remarkable audience even by left-wing standards of bbc' outburst came less than half an hour into the event at westminster . some of his comments about immigration were greeted with mutters .
vincent nogueira scored in stoppage time as philadelphia beat new york city fc 2-1 . zach pfeffer and david villa scored for philadelphia . lloyd sam scored in the 90th minute to rescue a 2-2 draw for the red bulls at high-flying dc united . sanna nyassi scored in the 75th minute as san jose beat mls-leading vancouver .
the sum, will be divided among patients of dr. nikita levy, a gynecologist who secretly filmed and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams . the attorneys had originally asked for a 35 percent settlement fee, however the ruling by a baltimore judge means they will only receive 17.25 per cent . levy was fired from john hopkins health system in february 2013 after it was discovered he had surreptitiously videotaped and photographed thousands of women .
the australian air transport safety bureau released its report into the 'wheels up landing' on december 12, 2014 at jabiru airport, southeast of darwin . the pilot was flying a six-seat cessna 310 aircraft, registered vh-tbe, with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers . the pilot was 'relatively new to the c-310' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment, the atsb said .
ellen stofan, chief scientist for nasa, said: 'i believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond earth in the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years' announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by nasa in surprising places .
many women make common mistakes every single day . femail asked the best dermatologists to shed some light on the mistakes . they share their tips for ensuring you're getting the most from your skincare .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . reds keeper simon mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning the fa cup and finishing in the top four . mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning the competition and finishing in the top four .
tsa: full screening would not "appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection" only two major u.s. airports require employees to be screened through metal detectors . tsa secretary jeh johnson announced immediate actions .
wardens at windsor castle say they earn as little as £14,700 despite working the 'country's richest family' public and commercial services union said staff are also asked to lead paid-for tours, carry out first aid and speak foreign languages . now, staff have voted 'overwhelmingly' in favour of industrial action after complaining they have suffered 'years of pay restraint'
lady sasima srivikorn is co-chairman of reading football club with sir john madejski . reading face arsenal in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday . the co-owners spoke to sportsmail's matt lawton .
aftershocks continue to send snow and rocks thundering down the mountainside . "an earthquake that long set off avalanches all the way around us," an american mountaineer says .
stuart broad has seen his place in the england side questioned . the 28-year-old has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece in the last 14 tests . broad and jimmy anderson are an outstanding combination, taking 526 wickets between them in the 70 tests they have played together .
mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney . the johanna johnson show brought the event to a spectacular close with her sirens' call presentation . femail take a look back at the trends emerging from the shows .
georgina gosden, 25, is facing common assault charges for allegedly punching a 21-year-old woman in the face at a queensland pub . the former playboy model is said to have carried out a similar attack on a 25-year-old woman in the same nightclub last april . ms gosden has appeared in court to defend charges of common assault and being drunk and disorderly in a licensed venue .
ben sunderman, 19, ticked off a goal on a list of things to do before turning 21 that was captured on video . the texas teen, who has down syndrome, reads the letter and his mom eagerly interrupts asking if he got it which he quiets her by putting up his hand . once he finishes reading the letter, he freezes with shock as he takes in the news .
rhiannon wilkinson is the head of wycombe abbey in buckinghamshire . she claims a 'boy free' environment allows teenage girls to focus on work . single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief from the 'highly sexualised world' .
joko widodo ignored reassurances from his chief political rival prabowo subianto that he would publicly support a decision to grant clemency to australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran . mr prabowo twice privately assured mr joko there would be no political consequences if the bali nine ringleaders were reprieved . independent senator nick xenophon said he was told earlier in the year that mr prabowo was '
images of manchester united's home, away and third strips have leaked online . adidas have signed a £750million deal to make their kits for 10 years . the german brand follow nike who have been supplying united for 13 years .
josi harrison, laura lefebvre, hailey walden, and laura lefebvre were all in eighth grade when their boyfriends lured them into sending nude pictures to their phones . after sending one, they were blackmailed into sending more, but when they sought help from the principal and local police chief, they were told they would be charged with creating and distributing child pornography . on thursday, a judge ordered that each girl receive $75,000 in damages . all three girls have since moved to new schools .
ashya king was taken from southampton general hospital last august . his parents were released without charge and found in spain . hampshire police spent £16,712.97 on overtime over six days . a further £1406 was spent on accommodation, flights, food and subsistence .
rachel lehnardt, 35, was arrested for allegedly throwing a drunken party for her 16-year-old daughter at their georgia home on wednesday . lehnardt and her friends then played naked twister - although lehnardt left halfway through the game to have sex with an 18-year-old man in the bathroom . after going to bed, she awoke to find her daughter's 16-year-old boyfriend raping her and immediately threw him off, according to a police report
only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in english country gardens . average garden contains daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips . almost 40 per cent of people spend more time sunbathing in garden than tending it, according to survey of 1,000 adults by garden furniture retailer alfresia.co.uk .
women paid 62p an hour to make 'feminist' t-shirts in mauritius . dozens of workers at the factory have been sacked and deported . they were beaten by police during protests over pay and conditions . whistles and topshop have announced investigations into the factory .
nsw traffic and highway patrol command shared the bizarre image on their facebook page . the car was parked on bridge st in hornsby on the upper north shore of sydney . the chili peppers are clearly slashed open and littered on the bonnet of the car . it is unclear whether this was an action taken by the highway patrol team or done on purpose by the car owner .
audrey pekin, 19, claims she was raped twice on christmas eve in bali . she was on a family holiday with her family when she was attacked by henry alafu . alafu lured ms pekin back to his remote home, and raped her on two occasions . ms pekin said she felt unwell due to her type 1 diabetes, making it 'impossible to think' she has slammed indonesian police for letting him escape .
ted cruz is the only official contender in the iowa presidential race . he's counting on iowa, known for its vocal and active evangelical base, to propel him forward .
director gareth edwards revealed a glimpse of the first standalone star wars film, rogue one, at the stars wars celebration convention in anaheim, california, on sunday . the iconic franchise's twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline, saying: 'a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the death star plans in star wars anthology film, rogue one #rogueone' .
juanette cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing . detectives subsequently searched cullum's brooklyn home, where they found 19 kindle tablets, seven ipads, two laptops and a 'large amount' of toiletries . cullum has been charged with grand larceny and criminal possession of stolen property and was released on her own recognizance .
mohamed mohamud is accused of being the "mastermind" behind thursday's deadly attack . kenyan authorities say he is in command of an al-shabaab militia based near kenya's border with somalia . last year, an attack by al-shabaab on a shopping center in the country's capital, nairobi, claimed the lives of 68 people .
danny ings has scored just one goal in six games for burnley . sean dyche has told ings to keep smiling and the goals will return . burnley are in the relegation zone but are just two points from safety .
man named locally as 62-year-old richard clements from cotton, suffolk . machine toppled down bank into water and trapped him underneath . family managed to drag him from pond and made frantic efforts to save him .
philip and victoria sherlock have been living out of their car for three months . a stomach operation meant philip could no longer work as a £400 a week gardener . victoria took on more hours as a shop assistant but lost their benefits . philip was given a lifeline by a businessman who heard about the story .
london-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike . called the babel bike it has a host of features including a roll cage . it has a small wheel at the front and a larger one on the back, with a lockable white bar connecting them that doubles as storage for the bike’s innards . the bike has an electric motor that assists it at speeds of up to 20mph in the us and 15.5mph in the eu .
a dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera in northern sydney . the incident started on warringah road and continued on for 8.5km . a passenger in the car claimed the truck driver was laughing and even spit on their car . the incident continued until both the car and the truck were forced to stop at a red light .
ac milan face inter milan in the champions league quarter-final on sunday . the milan derby was played in april 2005 when a hail of flares rained down from the stands on to the san siro pitch . the match was stopped because of flares thrown on the pitch . ac milan have changed dramatically since their glory years .
the n-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour . the highway has been named the best in the world for its location, cutting through the heart of the stunning douro valley . a591 from kendal to keswick in the lake district is britain's best road .
phil smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get into his flat in cottingham, hull . he fell and hit his head, fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain . he was placed in a medically induced coma but died five days later . his parents have paid tribute to their 'lovely lad' who had a 'natural talent' .
fishermen in china keep a special, thousand year old tradition alive with just a bird, a gas lamp and a net . sailing peacefully across a river, the men men fish without the aid of a rod with this unusual method . the fishermen release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp . the stunning images were captured on the river li in guilin, china, by a russian photographer .
ukranian photographer vadym shevchenko captured the moment at kiev zoo . the aroused tortoise casanova was pictured teetering on its back . he had to crawl across the grass for 15 minutes before getting up .
olive fowler was caught by police at jfk airport on april 12 after taking a caribbean airlines flight from her hometown in guyana, south america, to new york . authorities said they spotted her 'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact with officers' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search . after patting her down in a private room, investigators reportedly felt a 'dense hard material' under her clothes .
princes swapped instructions from nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food . william and harry were fed up with the endless diet of traditional english food . wanted a change so obeyed nanny rather than third in line to the throne .
poldark actor aidan turner, 31, used a scythe to mow a hay field . but mowing community have complained about his sweating and grunting . they say his technique tarnished view of the usually 'sedate' action of scything .
scooter's coffee, in omaha, had its facebook page hacked on sunday . staff were locked out of the page for 24 hours by an 'unknown third party' the hacker then posted pornography similar to those posted on crayola's page . scooter's said the page was flooded with adult cartoons and smoothies .
a newly discovered species of glassfrog has been found in costa rica . it's called a glassfrog because of its translucent belly .
al-shabaab has launched a string of attacks in kenya that have killed more than 100 people . peter bergen: al-shabaab has been losing ground in somalia due to african union forces, drones .
sulinh lafontaine told a blogger during the furious 7 premiere in los angeles that she raced at speeds reaching 140mph on set . the 5-foot-5, 95-pound actress said it was thrilling to join a major franchise like fast & furious .
christian benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa drew with qpr . belgian striker admits he surprised himself by finding the back of the net . benteke has scored eight goals in his last six games .
five veterans of world war two were awarded france's highest honour . aged between 90 and 99 they are among first of 2,800 living veterans to receive honour . decision was announced by french president francois hollande .
la-sonya mitchell-clark, 38, of youngstown, ohio, found out her birth mother was francine simmons . simmons works at infocision - the same call-center operation company she works at . mitchell-clark reached out to friends on social media and the next day she got a phone call from simmons .
investigators have not found writings or conversations where andreas lubitz shared his motives . medical records show lubitz was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy . this was before he ever got his pilot's license, a prosecutor's spokesman says .
the sncf company made an official complaint to french prosecutors . they said the action in sunday's prestigious race had risked a deadly tragedy . the last of the riders went through the barrier about eight seconds before the train arrived at the waller crossing . one rider from the belgian lotto team was clipped by a barrier as it came down .
a dominican news report says the clintons spent part of their holiday staying with sugar barons alfy and pepe fanjul at casa de campo, a private dominican resort they own . casa de campo is at the center of criminal allegations now dogging new jersey sen. bob menendez . menendez is accused of accepting money and trips from wealthy donor dr. salomon melgen in exchange for the influence of his office . melgen flew menendez and his guests on a private jet to stay at
jamie peacock breaks his try drought with a double for leeds . salford's last home win against the rhinos was a 21-12 regal trophy victory at the willows in november 1993 . full-back niall evalds followed up his two-try show with a brace .
antarctica recorded a temperature of 63.5 degrees fahrenheit on march 24 . the temperature was recorded at argentina's esperanza base on the northern tip of the antarctica peninsula .
steve esmond and his wife, dr theresa devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the sirenusa condominium resort on the island of st. john . the family were airlifted to separate hospitals in philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma . sean, 16, and ryan, 14, were in critical condition . esmond remains conscious but unable to move . devine, a dentist, was treated and released from the hospital and is currently in occupational therapy .
units from multiple fire departments were called to a fire just west of grand valley state university in michigan after an april fools prank involving fireworks sent one apartment unit up in smoke . fire officials said one of the apartment building's residents threw a lit firework at a roommate; the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire . no one was hurt, and the girl is not expected to face charges .
b2c data sold financial data of 15,000 people including pension pots . data bubble supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients . the direct marketing commission said it would probe both firms .
woman and her partner were stranded after their trimaran capsized yesterday . the woman had been left in the water clinging to the hull of the overturned boat . her partner had ensured she was safe, then tied a rope around himself . he then dived under the vessel to locate an emergency flare . the alarm was raised after a man spotted the couple in the english channel .
prasanna 'nick' arulchelvam was chased by a gang of thieves in watford . the 34-year-old ran and jumped through an open side door of their van . but he was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away . a customer in the costco car park reported hearing a 'nasty crunch'
rick yoes, 57, was jailed this weekend for nearly two decades of code violations for his unruly lawn . yoes claims the city of grand prairie didn't do enough to warn him about the citations, which officials claim were sent out in the mail . issues yoes has been cited for in the past include high grass over a foot long, overhanging tree limbs, a dilapidated wood fence, an inoperable vehicle and junk in the yard, and a dirty swimming pool .
billy vunipola was cited for striking leicester full back mathew tait with his head . the england no 8 was cleared by an rfu disciplinary panel on tuesday . saracens face clermont auvergne in saturday's champions cup semi-final .
lazio beat napoli 1-0 on wednesday to reach eighth coppa italia final . senad lulic's late goal secured a 2-1 aggregate win for the biancoceleste . lazio face juventus in the final on june 7 in rome .
shay mitchell's instagram is more than just a diary of her friends . julie falconer's a lady in london showcases the best of london . adventure photographer joe greer has made a successful second career .
manchester city under 18s take on chelsea in the fa youth cup final . jason wilcox hopes to emulate manchester united's class of '92 . but wilcox says it will be difficult to get local players into the first team .
air force jets blitzed compounds in gondodowe and ismail, both in the gedo region bordering kenya on sunday . cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll . kenya has struggled to stop the flow of al-shabaab militants and weapons across its porous 700km border with somalia .
tyecka evans, 28, charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old daughter, taliya richardson . evans initially told police she had dozed off and woke up in the living room to find her daughter had crawled over a pillow and had a plastic shopping bag over her head . but evans later changed her story and admitted that she had left her two children, ages 9 and three months, and her 1-year-old nephew home alone at 1am to go to a club
dr donald dewitt, 65, a prominent human sexuality and biology teacher at bergen county academies in new jersey, has been charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact . the victim's sister discovered dewitt's raunchy emails and told their mother, who then called police . when investigators came to interview the 16-year-old girl, she allegedly admitted to her relationship with the married teacher nearly 50 years her senior .
director of public prosecutions alison saunders forced into humiliating climbdown . she abandoned trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying officials . sparked ugly blame game as architects of 'politically-motivated witch hunt' .
alan turing wrote notes on 'leibniz notation dx/dy' in handwritten notebook . 56-page book bought in cambridge contains turing's thoughts on equation . 'i find [it] extremely difficult to understand in spite of it having been the one i understood the best once!', he wrote . it was written at bletchley park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 . believed to be only extensive turing manuscript known to exist .
alistair brownlee wins world triathlon series return in cape town . olympic champion missed first three events of the season with ankle injury . vicky holland triumphed in the women's race on saturday .
20-year-old british tourist claims she was molested by a taxi driver in jaipur . the driver, known as salim, is alleged to have assaulted the tourist . the man, from todabhim in karauli district of rajasthan, is being held in custody .
anthony ray hinton, 58, was released from the jefferson county jail in birmingham, alabama on friday after 30 years on death row . hinton says he should not have had to wait 30 years for investigators to test the gun that was seized from his home and determine he couldn't be linked to the crime . he says the prosecution had every intention of executing him for something i didn't do .
led screens found in most electronic devices can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye . spanish expert, dr celia sanchez-ramos, has discovered that it can also permanently damage the retina . in extreme cases, she says, it may even lead to macular degeneration, which causes dark patches to appear in the centre of the field of vision .
christine lynn smith, 50, was arrested tuesday after the bodies of 10 dogs and three cats were found decaying in her home in macon, georgia . the home had been auctioned off to a new owner and had been filled with over 1,000 empty beer cans . smith worked at macon-bibb animal welfare for two months in 2012, but was fired within her six-month probationary period for reasons not disclosed .
darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st — the king of the continental giant breed . aged only one, jeff is already 3ft 8in long and weighs 2st .
john lind, 34, admitted tainting pat maahs' drink with his semen . he masturbated over her desk multiple times while she was away . initially, maahs thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk smelled spoiled . lind will be sentenced for the misdemeanor on may 22 .
iraqi official: at least 10 iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks . isis detonated hundreds of homemade bombs from a tunnel underneath an army hq .
brandt was found hanged inside the garage of his coconut grove, california, home on easter sunday morning . his friend, john joseph hupert, was concerned for his friend and was staying with the doctor because he was suicidal . brandt's psychiatrist dr. saida koita became so worried for her patients state of mind that she ordered hupert to stay with him . she also revealed she had him on daily medication and was seeing him everyday for therapy sessions .
hull city have reapplied to have the club name changed to hull tigers . the move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current when the fa council voted against it by 47 votes to 27 . steve bruce ahs revealed the club have once again asked fa for permission to rebrand as hull tigers . an arbitration panel has ruled that owner assem allam can make another application to change the name of his side .
hull are in 15th place in the premier league, three points off the relegation zone . but they have won five of their last eight games against top sides . tigers face swansea at the liberty stadium on saturday .
pope francis spoke to tourists and pilgrims in st peter's square on easter monday . he asked for 'tangible help' for christians persecuted because of their faith . pontiff stopped short of suggesting what actions should be taken . he has been increasingly vocal about the fate of christians being targeted by islamic extremists in parts of the middle east, africa and asia .
james weld stumped up £15,000 to end three-year stand-off with natural england over access to durdle door beach . the steps had been washed away during storms in 2012 . since then visitors have faced a perilous scramble down a crumbling cliff to reach the shore, even resorting to sliding down on their backsides . the rock archway and neighbouring lulworth cove are part of the weld family's 12,000-acre lulworth estate .
second-round play was suspended friday because of the threat of severe weather . hudson swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the zurich classic lead . boo weekley, the first-round leader after a 64, also was 11 under with three holes left . jason day, ranked sixth in the world, was 5 under for the round .
more women are demanding their own 'she sheds', places at the bottom of the garden they can call their own . from beach huts and gypsy caravans to mock tudor pavilions with tiled floors, women are demanding their own .
ukip originally planned for mr farage to mention number of foreign patients . but when it was discovered hiv drugs were more expensive, decision was taken to use that example instead . mr farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said of the 7,000 diagnosed with hiv, 60 per cent were born abroad .
isis militants impose new law in syrian city of raqqa . anyone caught wearing skinny jeans or having music on mobile will be jailed . those caught smoking or turning up late for prayer will also be imprisoned . raqqa is being slaughtered silently says new laws are 'volatile and changeable'
meter maids have a long history synonymous with surfers paradise . the 50-year tradition has split the gold coast community . business leaders have labelled the group as outdated and no longer providing a service . they believe meter maids are violating the council's anti-touting laws by spruiking branded merchandise .
rangers beat championship winners hearts 2-1 at ibrox on sunday . kenny miller and haris vuckic scored for rangers . stuart mccall said he is beginning to trust his players .
phil neville believes keeping david de gea at manchester united would be the biggest signing of the summer . the spaniard has been heavily linked with a move to real madrid . united have been linked with big-money moves for gareth bale and mats hummels .
a reading university researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields . the expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population . wildlife sites in four english counties saw bee species decrease . heaths and meadows near milton keynes now boast more species . climate change could be disrupting the relationship between bees and plants .
joshua corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary this week . he was found in sandra bullock's home clutching a love letter for the actress . the oscar winner has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him .
frida ghitis: isis and al qaeda's agendas are manifestations of radical islam . ghitis: obama's efforts to make the world a better place are being harmed .
gymnast louis smith will represent great britain for first time since 2012 . smith won pommel horse silver and team bronze at london 2012 . he competed for england at last year's commonwealth games .
a gronking to remember is a fan fiction about a housewife's infatuation with new england patriots tight end rob 'gronk' gronkowski . the ohio couple are suing the author, who released it under the pen name lacey noonan, as well as distributors apple, amazon.com and barnes & noble for allowing readers to buy the work in ibooks, kindle and nook digital formats . the book has been shown as a source of ribald humor on the
youtuber bobby burns made his own version of "batman v. superman: dawn of justice" burns: "i wanted to contrast the old with the new"
there is a rising number of firms in the us that sell dog and cat biscuits containing cannabidiol, or cbd, taken from hemp . compounds in the plant have been known to alleviate joint pains, treat mood disorders and even help pets lose weight . cannabis plants contain more than 60 unique compounds called cannabinoids . cannabis plants contain high levels of thc, classed as illegal in many countries and states, and hemp contains very little .
"avengers: age of ultron" is the summer's presumed biggest franchise blockbuster . "avengers: infinity war parts 1 and 2" is scheduled for release in may of 2018 and 2019 .
for a meager $862,000, its gargoyles, endless balconies and ornate fountains can be yours with which to carry on the eccentric torch of quirky indy celebrity jerry a. hostetler . it sprang from hostetler's imagination after he went from 24-year-old pimp known to police as mr. big to a local mini-magnate . currently trying to sell off the home is indiana-born, florida-based tech investor chad folkening .
prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former new england patriots player of killing odin lloyd . hernandez's lawyers called five witnesses to testify on monday before resting at 3pm . following tomorrow's closing statements, the jury will deliberate on their verdict .
boeing has just filed a patent for a 'transport vehicle upright sleep support system' known as a 'cuddle chair' backpack will attach to the back of the headrest to allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption . the patent insists that the system is far superior to neck pillows due to sleep's 'natural horizontal tendency'
rory mcilroy hoping to complete career grand slam with victory at augusta . world number one has just one top-10 finish to his name in six masters appearances . mcilroy says it is 'unthinkable' that he will not win the masters this year .
david cameron visited poole in dorset and sunny bristol yesterday . he appeared in a bizarre building - an almost empty science park . the pm looked straight into a merciless, piercing, armpit-moistening sun .
dwayne harvard, 46, has been charged with simple assault, aggravated assault, reckless endangerment and dui . harvard had an argument with steven sutton, 36, sunday night in springdale, pennsylvania . sutton was furious that harvard was giving sutton's girlfriend, anna mazzetti, a ride home . harvard claims sutton took a cinder block and tried to hit the truck .
vera baird donated £500,000 to victims first northumbria charity last month . chief constable sue sim sits alongside her on the organisation's top table . pair face ministry of justice probe as critics accuse them of concocting 'a soap opera' .
manchester united drew 4-2 with city at old trafford on sunday . the red devils are now four points clear at the top of the premier league . city have won their last four derbies and sit fourth in the table .
rabea darduna sold a door bearing a graffiti drawing by british artist banksy for $175 . he says he was duped into believing it was a normal door when it was really a canvas . banksy's street art often portrays political and social messages .
boy, 14, remanded in custody after appearing at westminster magistrates court . he was charged with two counts of inciting terrorism overseas . he is thought to be the youngest person charged with islamist-related terror offences in the uk . alleged to have incited an australian teenager to behead, run over or shoot a police officer during anzac day ceremony in melbourne .
hull city host southampton in the premier league on saturday . steve bruce's side have not won in their last five games . the tigers are just two points above the bottom three after wins for qpr and leicester .
bill spedding, 63, was charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault on wednesday . the new south wales ombudsman is investigating how he was able to live with three young boys at the time of william tyrrell's disappearance . the mother of the three boys, who cannot be named, was shocked to discover that the children had been living with a man accused of child abuse . court heard spedding raped two girls aged six and three in a caravan in 1987 .
olly barkley has signed a new contract at london welsh . the 33-year-old played 23 times for england and previously played for bath, gloucester, racing metro, grenoble and the scarlets . welsh are set to return to the championship next season after finishing bottom of the aviva premiership .
major general james post iii was the vice commander of air combat command . an investigation found that his words may have had a 'chilling effect' on some airmen, convincing them not to speak with lawmakers . the incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low-flying, tank-killer aircraft .
brandon afoa, 33, was operating a tug to push aircraft at seattle-tacoma airport when the brakes and steering failed, causing him to crash into a luggage lift . the incident, which took place at 2am on december 26, 2007, left afoa unable to use his legs or right arm . afoa went on to sue port of seattle - which owns and operates the sea-tac airport - in king county superior court, saying that the company failed to maintain a safe workplace 
medics told margaret hesketh, 70, there was little they could do for her . she was riddled with tumours, her children will claim at inquest this week . family claim she was put on liverpool care pathway-style treatment . they claim post-mortem found no sign of cancer and she died of pneumonia .
iona costello, 51, and her 14-year-old daughter emily were last seen on march 30 near their home in greenport, long island . their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts . relatives of the family, who own a horse farm on long island's north fork, reported them missing on tuesday .
arsenal signed lukas podolski on loan from inter milan in january . the german forward has failed to score since arriving in italy . podolski says he wants to play for parent club arsenal next season .
the tour down under contributes more to the south australian economy than the f1 grand prix (formerly adelaide-based, now in melbourne) ever did . the beatles hid here to evade fans back in 1964 . adelaide is the true food capital of australia .
news comes as cigar use rises in the us, where the study was carried out, and cigarette smoking declines . cigar consumption more than doubled from 6.2billion in 2000 to more than 13.7billion in 2011 – in contrast with a 33 per cent fall for cigarettes .
labour leader has been touring the country with the prop during election campaign . he has delivered key speeches stood behind the lectern in north london . but it has also been deployed when he is making brief remarks or q&a . comes after disastrous party conference speech last september .
majority of british public do not want camilla to become queen if prince charles succeeds to the throne, a daily mail poll reveals . only 43 per cent believe charles should ascend to the throne compared with an almost identical number saying he should stand aside in favour of his elder son prince william . william and prince harry are the most popular members of the royal family, closely followed by the queen and the duchess of cambridge .
the unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers . the complaint alleges some of the most disturbing content is found in the songbooks of the 55th, 77th, and 79th fighter squadrons . the 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including pubic hair, the kotex song and bestiality .
fred hatch, 76, was battered to death with a claw hammer by alan rogers, 73 . rogers smashed the skull of mr hatch yards away in dinas powys, cardiff . mr hatch's wife enid, 70, said stumbling upon the bloody scene will 'stay with me forever' . rogers was sentenced to a mental health order and told he may never be released .
jodie bredo, 26, from essex, has been a professional kate middleton lookalike for six years . she says the duchess of cambridge dresses 'too boring' for her age . miss bredo admits she does not fancy prince william and is not tempted to have her own happy ending like the royal couple .
ian wright says theo walcott's troubled times at arsenal are down to arsene wenger's refusal to play him as a striker . walcott has made just five starts for arsenal this season . arsenal are pursuing raheem sterling and walcott's contract is set to run out .
protest photo will take place outside stamford bridge at 3pm on saturday . the photo has been organised by the chelsea supporters trust . there have been more than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in qatar .
li chien, 30, had been visiting a pub in xiulin township in taiwan's hualien county . his bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog from next door . he grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour's yard . slit the throat of the mixed-breed called lucky .
successful applicant will have to travel to various royal residences . they must order in 'freshest seasonal ingredients' from kitchen garden . job pays £28,000-a-year but there is accommodation available .
kalman kallai travelled from borden, ontario to comox, british columbia . calculating that the drive would take him across a colossal 2,796 miles (4500km) of land, mr kallai believed that his journey would be more interesting if he used it as an opportunity to see more of his country . he picked up a green rocking chair that he acquired for free from kijiji .
eve stratford, 22, was found with her throat slashed on march 18, 1975 . six months later, lynne weedon, 16, was attacked and raped . both murders were linked in 2006 after matching dna was found . lynne's mother, margaret weedon, described the murder 40 years ago as a 'true life sentence' for the family .
"double falsehood" was written more than a century earlier by shakespeare . the play was first published in 1728 by lewis theobald .
jamyra gallmon, 21, charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of david messerschmitt, 30 . surveillance video shows a 'person of interest' entering the donovan hotel shortly after messerschmitt texted his wife to say he would be home in an hour . messerschmitt never returned and the next day he was found dead in his dc hotel room with 'various credit cards strewn about' . gallmon attended forestville military academy in maryland and was an exemplary
libyan army head gen. khalifa haftar says libyan authorities have not been consulted . haftar: "we will certainly not cooperate, because we were not involved in resolving this issue"
toya graham tells cnn's "anderson cooper 360  ⁇ " she didn't worry about embarrassing her son . "he was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask and that hoodie," she says .
rangers suffered the first defeat of new boss stuart mccall's six-game reign as they slumped to a 3-0 defeat at queen of the south . kenny miller fears rangers' promotion bid could be derailed by the ibrox side's rollercoaster run of form . rangers had recently secured victories over hearts and hibernian .
daniel sturridge faces a race to be fit for liverpool's fa cup semi-final . england striker missed monday's 2-0 win over newcastle united with tightness in his hip . steven gerrard could return at wembley after seeing out last game of his suspension against newcastle united .
harry panayiotou scored three goals for leicester city in march . the 20-year-old has now won the barclays premier league player of the month award . panayiotou scored a hat-trick for st kitts and nevis on international duty .
william kerr, 53, disappeared from approved premises in hull in january . he was released on licence after 17 years in jail for murder of maureen comfort . police say he must return to prison 'as a matter of urgency'
five young chinese feminists may face up to five years in prison . the women were detained on march 6 and 7 in three chinese cities . their detention has provoked an international outcry .
jay brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls at small breeds farm park and owl centre, herefordshire, look so similar at birth . so he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish . the first born tawny owl is given orange talons, the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born, pink .
four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms, five bathrooms, underground pool, gym and lift to basement garage . purchase comes after emma forbes, 49, made handsome profit on sale of her previous flat, in chelsea .
martin fletcher has revealed a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with stafford heginbotham . the official inquiry into the blaze concluded that the fire was an accident, probably caused by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish at the valley parade ground . sir oliver was asked about the new allegations in an interview on bbc radio leeds, where he rubbished mr fletcher's claims .
turia pitt suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she was caught in a bushfire in 2011 . the 27-year-old said she still struggles to overcome her near-death ordeal during a speech at crown perth on wednesday . ms pitt also revealed she ran her first marathon since the fire and clocked a faster time than before .
gary caldwell appointed as wigan athletic manager on tuesday . chairman david sharpe insists caldwell is the right man to take over . malky mackay was sacked as wigan athletic manager on tuesday .
mackenzie moretter, of shakopee, minnesota, has a rare genetic disorder called sotos syndrome that has delayed her development . her parents sent out invitations to several of her classmates, but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not rsvp . so mackenzie's mother jenny went on facebook and posted in several local groups asking families with girls mackenzie's age to stop by their shakopee home to celebrate .
gul ahmad saeed, 25, 'shot dead his fiancee, her parents and seven of her siblings' he 'killed his own parents, brother and sister-in-law after they objected' saeed has been on the run since the murders in north-west pakistan .
the australian vaccination skeptics network has come under fire for comparing compulsory vaccination to rape . the group posted an image to their facebook page on thursday which shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture . the tag line on the image read, 'forced penetration. really- no big deal, if it's just a vaccination needle and he's a doctor' the post caused an instant outcry from followers and opponents of the group alike .
sunderland host newcastle united in sunday's derby at st james' park . newcastle have conceded 22 goals in their last 18 hours of football . sunderland are the country’s most out-of-form side . the magpies mandate is survival and little more .
police brutality against unarmed african-americans is unlikely to end soon, says julian zelizer . zelizer: we must reverse course from what has become a national crisis .
eden hazard has been outstanding for chelsea this season . the belgian will be a contender to win both the pfa and football writers' awards . jose mourinho insists hazard will be able to fend off competition from the likes of tottenham's harry kane .
a woman strong-armed a man of his flexing title at a philadelphia soul game on april 12 . video of the unidentified woman's robust display at the arena football league game has over 300,000 views on youtube .
researchers at the university of california found that heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had improved mental, and ultimately physical, health . the study involved men and women who had been diagnosed with stage b heart failure . patients who were more grateful had lower markers of inflammation, which can often worsen heart failure .
rosemary taylor, city of brookhaven, made 'racist' remark to photographer . dominique jackson, 18, and khamlee vongvone, 19, were photographed . nelson jones had been hired to take pictures at cherry blossom festival . ms taylor allegedly said: 'this is not the image i want for the city of brookhaven' she has now been fired for exhibiting 'conduct unbecoming of a city employee'
andrew stewart wood, 41, arrested at orlando's hard rock hotel on tuesday . he was allegedly caught urinating into an ice machine while intoxicated . he was arrested on disorderly conduct charges and released from jail .
elizabeth sedway was pulled from an alaska airlines flight in hawaii on monday . sedway says she has cancer and doesn't have a doctor's note to fly . alaska airlines apologizes, says the situation could have been handled differently .
celtic beat st mirren 1-0 in their spl clash at st mirren park on friday . kris commons scored the only goal of the game in the 64th minute . st mirren are bottom of the premiership and four points from play-off spot .
snaps of a cat playing with a mouse on a roof in shepton mallet, somerset, illustrate the perils the tiny rodents face . ironically the pet cat's name is mouse . the pictures were taken by the cat's owner jason bryant who confirmed the inevitable outcome of the encounter .
jay hart, 24, was caught having drunken sex with a fan in the dugout . he was dismissed after the sex clip was shared on social media . his girlfriend bryony hibbert, 25, has slammed those responsible . he said he had no idea who the woman was and reached out to wayne rooney .
kevin davies injured his hand during preston's fa cup fifth round replay defeat to manchester united on february 16 . the 38-year-old was playing over an hour after team-mate joe garner accidentally crushed his left hand in the opening exchanges of the game . davies tweeted a picture of his hand covered in plasters on tuesday .
joe gomez has played at right back for charlton this season . the 17-year-old is valued at £8m by the championship side . manchester city lost 3-1 to chelsea in the fa youth cup final first leg .
mario valencia, 36, faces 15 charges, including shoplifting the .30-30 rifle . police say valencia pointed the gun at an officer and pointed it at his head .
diane greenberg, a catholic, and husband bob, who is jewish, decided to split their family when it came to religion . katie, 24, had a confirmation, attended weekly catholic instruction and remains committed christian to this day . steven, 21, was circumcised when he was eight days old, and was given religious lessons in an orthodox hebrew school . katie remains christian, while bob is agnostic .
andrew silicani, 23, of cheyenne, pleaded guilty on monday in federal court to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders . he faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer . silicani pleaded guilty to all charges against him with no agreement from prosecutors to recommend a lesser sentence .
ukip leader was booed by voters at westminster's methodist central hall . he faced claims he blamed all of britain's problems on migrants . pollster icm today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
a 1973 e-type jaguar has been involved in a head-on collision with a toyota kluger . the crash happened on warringah road in frenchs forest, northern sydney . nobody was hurt in the collision, however all three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution .
a controlled fire in san bernardino county, california, went out of control due to high winds on tuesday . the fire was started in the mojave narrows park between apple valley and victorville . at its height, 70 acres of land was ablaze and firefighters were forced to evacuate several rural houses . by late tuesday evening, the residents were permitted to return home after fire fighters contained the blaze .
a video shows espn's britt mchenry belittling an employee of a tow company . john sutter: mchenry should have known better than to have used such words .
audrey hepburn beat royal family to be voted most stylish brit of all time . victoria beckham's aw13 dress from vb is no longer available . princess diana came second with a quarter of the vote .
marie hunt, 103, of spring green, wisconsin, dropped out of school after completing eighth grade when she couldn't get to her local high school . instead she stayed at home and helped care for her eight younger brothers and sisters .
abase hussen took daughter amira to extremist rally when she was just 13 . he said teenager was 'maybe' influenced by rally organised by al-muhajiroun . mr hussen blamed police for failing to stop his daughter fleeing to syria .
aaron hernandez's fiancée, shayanna jenkins, 25, sobbed and hugged the killer's mom in the massachusetts court on wednesday . just feet away, sat her sister, shaneah jenkins, 23, the girlfriend of victim odin lloyd, who hernandez executed with five bullets on june 17, 2013 . the sisters, who shared an apartment in their native bristol, connecticut, have not spoken since it became
prince ali bin al hussein is a fifa presidential candidate . he wants to see the world cup rotated between continents . prince ali warns against expanding the tournament from 32 teams .
made in chelsea star andy jordan is keen to make a name as a designer . he stars in a beachy campaign for his clothing range, jam industries . andy, an avid surfer, also co-owns a surf school in devon, where he is an instructor .
liam phillips is hoping for glory at the 2016 olympics in rio de janeiro . the 26-year-old won the 2013 bmx world title and 2014 world cup series . phillips is competing in the manchester world cup this weekend .
rolling stone article about purported gang rape at university of virginia drew criticism . danny cevallos: can uva, phi kappa psi, other fraternities sue for defamation?
cara newton, 32, was diagnosed with bone cancer ewing's sarcoma in 2009 . doctors told her she had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally . she and husband chris tried ivf using a donor egg but it failed . 10 months later they were astounded to discover she had conceived naturally . baby sebastian was born last april and mrs newton is now a mother .
dave sim, 36, hopes to cycle the entire tour de france route this summer . he has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow mark three chopper . the raleigh chopper is the 2004 revival of the iconic 1970's children's bike .
manchester united beat city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . marouane fellaini, ashley young, juan mata and chris smalling scored for united . sergio aguero scored a late consolation for the visitors . louis van gaal's side are third in the premier league table .
former great british bake off contestant, iain watters, is back to revive the simnel cake . the belfast-born construction engineer puts a modern twist on the easter classic . the simnel cake has been enjoyed since the medieval times during easter .
cnn takes a look at the best videos of the week . cnn's richard roth asks about a sweet tradition that's leaving some with a bitter taste .
bristol city are on the brink of a championship return after two seasons in league one . steve cotterill has taken the club to the brink of the championship . cotterill's side have already won silverware this season in the form of a johnstone's paint trophy win last month .
pauline mckee, 90, thought she hit it big in 2011 when, after putting a penny in the 'miss kitty' game at the isle hotel casino in waterloo, iowa, the screen announced she had won a bonus award of $41,797,550.16 . but on friday the iowa supreme court determined mckee had actually won only $1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game . the unanimous court ruled that the casino did not have to pay mckee
abdel-kader russell-boumzar was granted bail in brisbane's magistrate court on thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars . the 17-year-old shot to notoriety last october when a video of him apparently spitting on and racially abusing 56-year-old train guard josphat mkhwananzi went viral . russell-boumzar was charged with numerous offences, including serious assault, creating a disturbance and racial vilification 
cadbury has shrunk the size of its freddo frogs from 15g to 12g . the mini chocolate amphibians weighed a plump 20g two years ago . the shrinking of one of australia’s most popular children’s chocolates was not widely announced but was in fact spotted by a shop owner . in february, chocolate lovers expressed their anger after cadbury announced plans to reduce the size of their family blocks by ‘one row’ in a cost cutting deal .
jeralean talley of inkster tops a list maintained by the los angeles-based gerontology research group, which tracks the world's longest-living people . gertrude weaver, a 116-year-old arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days, died on monday . talley was born on may 23, 1899 .
justin welby will say 148 christian students slaughtered by somali gunmen were 'witnesses' to their faith and suffered 'cruel deaths' comments follow pope francis's denunciation of 'senseless' killings at garissa university college .
hollywood star angelina jolie had an oophorectomy in march . two years before, she had a double mastectomy as she carries the brca1 gene variant which dramatically raises the risk of developing both breast and ovarian cancer . women who carry a mutated version of brca1 or another gene known as brca2 face a life-time risk of breast cancer of up to 70 per cent .
liam treadwell won the race on venetia williams-trained 100-1 shot mon mome in 2009 . the ride on monbeg dude was available because regular jockeys tom scudamore and paul carberry have already got rides .
rachael bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in and showed her he had a gun . as the man reached into the till, bishop tried to swat his hand away . when that didn't stop him, she started punching him in the head . bishop said it was 'just a reaction', an instinct to protect the store .
"star wars" comes to digital hd on friday . the first six movies will be available for digital download .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in indonesia's constitutional court on monday . the court upheld its earlier decision that presidential decrees were outside its jurisdiction . the two australians intend to challenge the barrier preventing foreign citizens from constitutional court appeals . attorney-general hm prasetyo has dismissed the challenge as delaying tactics and says he won't recognise it .
crown princess mary attended anzac day ceremony in copenhagen . the 43-year-old cut a solemn figure as she placed a wreath at a memorial . mary wore a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket .
jiaro mendez and elias acevedo were both found to be 'highly intoxicated' by tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment . the men, covered in blood, were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body . acevedo, 21, has since been arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon .
luke shambrook, 11, has been missing for two nights in a victorian national park . temperatures dropped to as low as 8 degree celsius on saturday night . campers are helping rescue teams including the air wing, dog squad, local police and ses volunteers in the search of thick bushland . luke has limited speech and his family says he may not even know he is lost .
paris saint-germain face barcelona in the champions league quarter-finals . luis suarez will be at the parc des princes to face the catalan side . edinson cavani has a towering reputation in the game . cavani scored in the league cup final last weekend .
jerusalem syndrome affects people visiting the holy city . it is characterised by anxiety, need to be clean and performing sermons . seven stages include anxiety, need to sing out bible verses and spirituals .
the homeless period project aims to highlight the misery of women living on the streets who are unable to access proper sanitary care during their periods . the team behind the campaign, oliver frost, josie shedden and sara bakhaty, wrote hard-hitting messages on cardboard boxes and photographed them on the streets of london . the campaign has prompted supporters to start their own collection boxes for tampons and sanitary towels .
manuel delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on tuesday . karine cyr recorded the confrontation on sunday as she was vacationing with her husband alexandre hermenier and their two children . after the video was posted at 7pm on sunday night to facebook it has been shared over 30,000 times and has over 1 million views .
ronnie o'sullivan was speaking to by referee olivier marteel on sunday . o'sullivan made a rude gesture during his second-round match against matthew stevens . o'sullivan needed just one more in monday's closing session to reach the quarter-finals .
kevin blandford, 33, from louisville, kentucky, won a free trip to puerto rico . but his wife, bonnie, stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter . after posting the photos online he wrote: 'didn't have a single second of fun' .
nasa scientists in california have released new images of ceres . they were taken by the dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km) the spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to ceres . and it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots . and it will also see ceres in better and a higher resolution . this is the first time dawn has orbited a dwarf planet .
the cincinnati enquirer reports that the tree fell onto the car around 4 p.m. sunday . photos show a large tree resting across the crushed vehicle . police still have to determine who owns the tree and is responsible for its upkeep .
billy vunipola faces an rfu disciplinary panel on tuesday afternoon . the 22-year-old faces an immediate suspension following an accusation that he struck leicester’s mathew tait . vunipola was penalised for coming in at the side of a ruck but not for making contact with his head .
princess eugenie was seen texting on her mobile while shopping in new york . the 25-year-old cousin of princes william and harry is currently in new york . she showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row .
nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women tuesday in the sambisa forest . the rescued girls and women are still being screened .
kenwyne jones scored within three minutes of his debut for bournemouth . freddie sears put ipswich ahead after six minutes at portman road . sears converted from close range to equalise in the 82nd minute .
dzhokhar tsarnaev's family arrives at boston's logan international airport . a good samaritan gives woolfenden's son, leo, a hug and a kiss . tsarnaev is expected to be sentenced monday .
isis militants reveal plans to open a school of nursing in raqqa, syria . applicants must be aged between 18 and 25 and speak english fluently . they must be willing to travel to isis-held areas and have science qualifications . nhs has yet to enforce strict english language checks on all nurses .
researchers from london and edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human . using met office data, the researchers are developing new algorithms for automatically generating weather reports . if the project is successful, a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the bbc's website . if the project is successful, a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the mailonline website .
couple enjoyed steamy encounter at three bridges playing fields in crawley . they appeared not to mind being in full view as temperatures reached 25c . semi-naked couple did not appear put off when people walked past them .
nacer chadli opened the scoring for tottenham on the half-hour mark with a well-placed left-footed strike . christian eriksen doubled spurs' lead with a curling free-kick after christian eriksen missed tim krul's shot . harry kane put the result beyond doubt as spurs claimed a 3-1 win over newcastle on saturday .
werder bremen beat hamburg sv 1-0 to keep europa league hopes alive . franco di santo scored the winner from the penalty spot in the 84th minute . new hamburg coach bruno labbadia made a losing return to the bench .
police say they have no objections to sunday's manchester derby kick-off . 4pm kick-off allows supporters more time in the pub . both sides are challenging for a top-four spot in the premier league .
david moyes gave wayne rooney his professional debut as a 16-year-old . the chelsea boss succeeded sir alex ferguson at manchester united . rooney was heavily linked with a move to stamford bridge at the same time .
adrian schaffner is initially featured ascending the mountain on a button lift . perched on his shoulders looking entirely at ease is his dog sintha – an appenzeller mix . mr schaffner points his skis down the mountain and takes off at speed . the dog appears to be enjoying the sensation of speed as it points its face into the wind .
england have pulled out of the home nations international under 16 tournament . sky sports paid £11million a match to retain premier league rights . sky's price hikes involving all their programming are significantly more than the isleworth spin machine suggested .
gable tostee was on bail for the alleged murder of warriena tagpuno wright . the 29-year-old was found to be four times over the legal limit for drink driving . he was involved in a drunken car chase with police across state lines . tostee admitted to police he was intoxicated and his car was unregistered . he was denied an early release after a judge dismissed his appeal .
o'shae smith told judge lila statom he shot a rival gang member for being 'in his hood' statom referencing the public housing project where the shooting took place . 'sir, east lake courts is not your hood, it's the citizens of the united states who own that because they work and pay taxes, you don't own that,' she said .
the kentucky senator's expansion of his campaign store to include 'paul for president' items preceded an announcement this morning that he would compete for the republican nomination for president next year . rand fans will still find the usual array of yard signs and bumper stickers . but they'll also have the opportunity to sport their support through macbook skins and woven blankets that feature paul's face .
tens of thousands of selfies have emerged on social media to mark the centenary of anzac day . some people misspelt hashtags such as #leastweforget, #lessweforget or #letsweforget . others pouted or posed with their tongues sticking out at the cameras while people posted inappropriate or disrespectful captions .
retired midnight oil lead singer peter garrett is listing his charming victorian terrace in randwick in sydney’s affluent eastern suburbs . the 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife dora and three daughters . the property was bought by garrett for $932,500 in 2010 while he was the minister for environment protection, heritage and the arts . it offers the ultimate sydney lifestyle for any homeowner, whilst being less than 7km to the 
"arrested development" executive producer brian grazer said the show will return for a fifth season . netflix had no comment for cnn when asked to verify his statements .
39-year-old lianna barrientos married ten men in 11 years - and married six of them in one year alone, it's been revealed . barrientos, however, was nabbed by authorities after saying her 2010 marriage - the tenth time she tied the knot - was actually her first . barrientos' first marriage took place in 1999, with most recent being in 2010 .
mark the 150th anniversary of abraham lincoln's death this week . lincoln's two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and irreversible emancipation -- grew organically from his midwestern roots .
bring up the bodies has been ditched in favour of simpler 'wolf hall ii' booker prize winner has been reworking mike poulton's stage version . the plays will open at winter garden theatre in times square tomorrow .
in the east midlands, 64 per cent of gp training posts are unfilled . in the west midlands 47 per cent of posts are empty and across the south coast 41 per cent of places remain unfilled . last week it was revealed that 10 per cent of patients tried - and failed - to book a gp appointment . this means patients tried and failed to book almost 34 million gp appointments last year .
with the rouble in trouble, russians are freezing at home, rather than sizzling in india's flop-in-the-sun western state . goa has 11 hours of sunshine a day at this time of year .
pattie boyd was famously married to both george harrison and eric clapton . she married property developer rod weston at chelsea registry office . pattie wore a hat owned by her late friend pat booth, who died in 2009 .
mailonline spotted a charred passport of mabel anthonysamy soosai, 45, one of the 298 killed when mh17 was downed over ukraine on july 17, 2014 . also spotted at the site by mailonline were a bracelet made of beads, a pair of sunglasses, ripped clothing and random pages from guidebooks . the dutch-led team this week also found personal possessions including jewellery after the plane was downed by a suspected russian-made buk missile .
gerald whalen visited kfc with wife april and their two young children . meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be pornographic film . sex scene featured full nudity and strong sexual content . it was screened in front of appalled couple's 6-year-old twins .
ultra-wealthy clients often request access to exclusive events . sarah haywood has helped organise weddings and honeymoons for everyone from celebrities to fortune 500 businessmen . haywood estimates membership fees for such a service start at about £50,000 .
when people try to search for the aubergine, or eggplant, emoji hashtag on the app, no posts appear - even if there are posts tagged with it . it is believed to be because the emoji is commonly used to represent male genitalia and may be attached to images containing nudity . instagram told mailonline it is not commenting on the anomaly .
80% of women in mumbai had been street harassed, a study found . most people, including women, only think of sexual violence as rape . sexual harassment in india is pervasive in all aspects of life .
sergio barrientos-hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station, where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer . police say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air . no one was injured .
marouane fellaini will return to manchester united for the first time since his £27million move from everton . louis van gaal has revealed that he has spoken to fellaini about keeping his cool on his return to goodison park . fellaini is set for a more hostile reception than juan mata received at his old club chelsea last weekend .
stephen james hendry is one of the first models to have a full tattoo . the 24-year-old has worked with calvin klein and diesel . he has landed down under to start work on a new campaign .
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final last sunday . brendan rodgers insists he is the man to guide the reds to success . rodgers is under pressure after a disappointing season at anfield .
dundee united host hamilton in the scottish premiership derby on wednesday . united have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions . paul hartley is not reading too much into dundee's recent slide .
jason rezaian, 39, was arrested in july 2014 and charged in december . his lawyer leila ahsan detailed the four charges against him on monday . ahsan said there was 'no justifiable proof' against rezaian . he is accused of gathering classified information and disseminating propaganda against the islamic republic .
lewis moody, danny grewcock and josh lewsey were flying to the north pole . poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip caused an aborted landing . the experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway . but the stars played down reports of a near miss as they celebrated a safe return .
the #foodbanknycchallenge is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week . the effort is in response to recent cuts to food stamps .
players endured rainy spells during their practice on tuesday . forecasts that the wet weather is set continue once the tournament gets underway on thursday april 9 . the typically warm and humid georgia weather is expected to be unsettled by a cold front heading into augusta for the weekend .
neil robertson beat jamie jones 10-2 in the first round of the betfred world championship . the 2010 champion has revealed a new practice repertoire . robertson has committed more hours to the game than ever before .
colorado's new belgium brewery and ben & jerry's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream . the beer is set to hit shelves in the fall .
callie thorpe was listed on the letter supporting mr miliband as a receptionist . but online she also describes herself as a 'plus size style and lifestyle blogger' . despite being paraded as a prominent backer of mr miliband hours earlier she instead tweeted praise for green party leader natalie bennett .
raul castro: "we might disagree on something today on which we could agree tomorrow" obama: "this is obviously an historic meeting" castro: "we are willing to discuss everything, but we need to be patient, very patient"
karen davis from port pirie, south australia, was caught on google maps street view flashing her breasts . the 38-year-old was reported by police with disorderly behaviour . she handed herself into police voluntarily and was subjected to an oral swab test . south australian law professor rick sarre believes it should not result in charges or a court appearance and that the swab was unnecessary .
wedding dress choices have become so varied over the last few years . they fall into very distinct camps - short, boho, quirky traditional and more . many brides still opt for the traditional white gown when it comes to their outfit .
the unidentified family - a 38-year-old mother, 42-year-old father and their two sons - apparently died from gunshot wounds . tulsa police said 'based on the physical evidence inside the house', they believe the father killed his wife and children before using the gun on himself . officers found a handgun near the father's body and are not seeking other suspects .
nicky morgan has ordered officials to start 'mapping pressures' on schools . comes less than six months after she told ofsted it was not 'helpful' immigration has played low-key role in tory election campaign .
university of illinois scientists have created the first 3d simulation of merging black holes in a disk . it shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide . magnetic fields around the two become erratic, while the jets firing out from the ‘poles’ of each object merge into one . ripples in space-time caused by such an event are also predicted to be created by the merger . simulation was led by scientists at the university of illinois .
arsene wenger is concerned theo walcott's confidence is plummeting . walcott was hauled off after 55 minutes of england's 1-1 draw with italy . arsenal face liverpool in the premier league on saturday .
seal pup suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after collision . force of the collision broke seal's jaw causing her a painful death . she had been rescued in november when she was suffering breathing difficulties . her body was recovered from a beach at highcliffe, dorset on monday .
a bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in auckland, new zealand . a passenger filmed the driver and sent the video to bus company ritchies coachlines along with a complaint . ritchies coachlines boss andrew ritchie said he was embarrassed by the 'idiot' driver's actions .
jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone were brought closer together by process on last night's episode of the fyi reality show . the couple ended their first day sharing a bedroom together . jaclyn previously noted that she hadn't had sex in two years and she hoped it was like 'riding a bike'
series of model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages . women told they are 'vital to the success of the british economy' pensioners praised for their 'wealth of experience' tory candidates told to praise teachers as 'the best we have ever had'
iranians are more than happy to welcome the preliminary agreement . the deal paves the way for a much broader deal by end of june .
robert kennedy jr. compares "vaccine-induced" autism to the holocaust . john sutter: kennedy has apologized for the wrong things .
eight of the best photographers were sent by europcar on a road trip to the isle of skye . the intrepid social media giants were sent by europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days . their stunning findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users .
remote community in aberdeenshire does not even have a shop . local streams have been well known for grains of gold of 'significant size' for decades . towie has been ignored by investors in favour of the oil industry . turkish mining giant koza altin isletmeleri and a highland firm greenore are now seeking planning permission for further investigation .
alan pardew was involved in a touchline spat with manuel pellegrini back in january 2014 . the crystal palace boss wrote to pellegrini to apologise for the name he called him . crystal palace host manchester city at selhurst park on monday .
jordan ibe damaged his knee ligaments against besiktas on tuesday . the 19-year-old spent the first half of the season on loan at derby county . he returned to liverpool in january and was awarded man-of-the-match . brendan rodgers will include ibe in his squad to face newcastle .
xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in puglia region . contributed to 35 percent drop in region's olive oil production last year . eu has announced a boycott of puglian fruit and vegetables .
cape verde is a group of islands 400 miles from senegal off the west coast of africa . its population is around 500,000 and boasts both beautiful beaches and striking volcanic landscapes . around a quarter of the cape verde squad are european, although 14 of the 19 players used in portugal were born on the island . cape verde qualified for their first africa cup of nations in 2013 and reached the quarter-final stage .
mary doyle keefe was the model for norman rockwell's "rosie the riveter" the 92-year-old telephone operator died this week at her home in connecticut .
luis suarez scored twice as barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 on wednesday night . the uruguayan defender was brought back from injury to replace thiago silva in the first half . luiz pulled up his socks to take the pitch after 21 minutes .
the island is known for its spices and self-sufficiency . meat and fish are plentiful and the soil is very fertile . grenada's seasons are similar to our own, which means cauliflower, broccoli and pumpkins in spring .
james moore: some blame obama for racial tension as if march on washington scrubbed away effects of 300 years of inequality . moore: baltimore rioters threw bricks at police, not when a city's police department began terrorizing its residents .
real madrid beat rayo vallecano 2-0 in la liga on saturday . cristiano ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by the referee . carlo ancelotti wants the yellow card shown to ronaldo rescinded .
baltimore police have come under intense scrutiny after freddie gray was taken into custody and suffered an unexplained spinal injury that led to his death . six officers have been suspended with pay as local police and federal authorities investigate . however, commissioner anthony batts has ruled out the possibility of his resignation . as for calls for his resignation, he said: 'that's not going to happen' .
edwin van der sar is convinced louis van gaal will bring glory back to manchester united . united head to chelsea on saturday in top form, having won six successive matches . victory at stamford bridge would put united within five points of the blues .
marouane fellaini praised steven gerrard for his range of passing . the belgian said phil jagielka is the toughest tackler he has faced . manchester united face everton in the premier league on sunday .
stevan ridley has signed a one-year deal with the new york jets . the 26-year-old ran for 1,263 yards and 12 touchdowns last season . ridley became the 15th player to join the jets in a frantic free agency .
mohammed morsi, 63, sentenced to 20 years for ordering arrest and torture . but court in cairo acquitted him of charges that would have seen him face death . 14 others were convicted on same charges, with most sentenced to 20 years . morsi came to power following 2011 ouster of hosni mubarak in popular uprising .
jade and aaron badland assaulted hotel worker at premier inn at stansted airport . mr badland, 24, was wearing his army uniform during the drunken attack . mrs badland, 29, was also found guilty of racially aggravated harassment .
bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the championship with a win against brighton . yann kermorgant fired the cherries into the lead with a sweetly-taken free-kick in the 70th minute . callum wilson put the cherries 2-0 ahead with a sublime finish in the 81st minute .
25-year-old was born at the luton and dunstable hospital in september 1989 . he was readmitted three months later suffering a serious brain haemorrhage . maternity staff failed to administer vitamin k injection shortly after birth . secretary of state for health admitted liability, accepting the failure to give the man vitamin k breached their duty of care .
extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near the town of rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface . geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby, when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop . the mass, which has risen some 30 to 50ft above sea level, measures roughly 1,000- 1,640ft long, and 100ft wide .
apple watch sport is shown to shatter easily after being dropped from a height of just under four feet (1.2 metres) it has an ion-x glass display which is supposed to be 'resistant to scratches and impact' when techrex dropped the watch ‘not aiming at the display,’ in a test conducted in sacramento, california, it survived unscathed despite a nasty ‘crack’ noise when it hit the pavement . however, when the watch was dropped so the display hit the floor first, the screen 
driver named ashley x after changing his surname by deed poll . caught driving his honda sports car at 67mph on a 50mph section of m11 . initially ignored attempts to confirm who was driving the car . tried to fight the speeding charge in six different courts . finally admitted perjury and perverting the course of justice . sentenced to nine months imprisonment and ordered to pay £1,200 costs .
white female student, who has not been identified, was captured in snapchat photo . detailed several 'reasons why usc wifi blows' on whiteboard in study room . reasons included 'incompetent' professors, 'ratchets' and parking . but at the top of the list was the word 'n*****s' - condemned by other students . now, university president harris pastides has suspended the student . he said: 'respect for all is at the heart of the carolinian creed'
naypyidaw became the capital of myanmar a decade ago after the government moved the capital from yangon . the super-sized highways have up to 20 lanes and are built to be big enough for government suvs . official records state the population is just over 924,000, though any photographs taken would beg to differ .
jessica brown and her husband, zakk satterley, were on their way to hospital in louisville, kentucky, on tuesday when they realized they weren't going to make it . tonia vetter, a high-risk nurse, was sitting in traffic a few cars back when she realized something was happening up ahead . she ran over and helped deliver the little boy, arley, safely .
sydney anti-ageing doctor julie epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct . a tribunal found she was irresponsible diagnosing medications such as steroids and keeping inaccurate patient records . the doctor has been prosecuted by the health care complaints commission . dr epstein could also face being struck off .
maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the federated states of micronesia . its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the philippine island of luzon on sunday .
a new quinnipiac university poll found only 38 per cent of americans believe hillary clinton is honest and trustworthy . part of it will involve the bill, hillary and chelsea clinton foundation re-filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors . the murky picture also includes tens of millions of dollars bill clinton collected in speaking fees from companies that saw their fortunes rise because of u.s. state department actions while his wife ran the agency .
italian-born fabio lovato proposed to girlfriend laura knight in gloucester . he created a short video that played following the cinema trailers of fast and furious 7 . the video featured pictures from where the couple met in australia . fabio said: 'laura i have a question for you' and the words 'laura i have a question for you' .
nfl legend deion sanders jr. tweeted that he only eats "hood doughnuts" sanders jr. responded, saying he has a trust fund, condo and clothing line called "well off"
john lahiff was playing at politician clive palmer's port douglas golf course . he believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole . the 1.2 metre reptile quickly retaliated and mr lahiff received puncture wounds . incredibly mr lahiff, who had been playing alone, was still able to drive his golf buggy back up to the clubhouse to seek medical assistance .
lewis hamilton sprayed a hostess in the face after winning the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday . the racing ace 'specially directed' the bubbly into the hostess's face . a leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver as 'selfish and inconsiderate'
one million men have chosen to work part-time as they become more involved in childcare or are retiring gradually . there are now 1.02million men in the uk who have opted to work reduced hours, compared to 4.58million women . follows a sharp rise in the number of stay-at-home fathers .
scott shirley, wife mayo and son phoenix were travelling back to washington dc . they were storing their bags under their seats when they noticed vomit . cabin staff refused to clean an affected area of floor before take-off . mr shirley said: 'it was clear that no one had cleaned the area where we were sitting'
vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage . aim of both spacex and ula is to end us dependence on russian-built rocket engines . russian-made rd-180 engines currently power ula's atlas rocket .
nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 90% of the drive in fully automated mode . nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the district of columbia . along the way, the vehicle encountered traffic circles, construction zones, bridges, tunnels, aggressive drivers and a variety of weather conditions .
kevin de bruyne has attracted interest from manchester city, bayern munich and paris saint-germain . patrick de koster has confirmed he held talks with city earlier this season . the 23-year-old is expected to cost around £40million .
the 13th century castle in the dordogne, france has just been placed on the market for £703,400 . the 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour - as well as 46 hectares of land . the castle dates from the 13th century and was completely refurbished in the 19th century and again in 2002 .
stephen john docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent . he hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property . mr docherty said he lost control of his temper in the heat of the moment .
hmp altcourse in liverpool has been criticised for drug-related violence . warders have been forced to deploy a cherry picker to remove drugs . 22 phones, three sim cards and six chargers were also recovered .
scientists at the university of california, in la jolla, california, recorded the noise more than 1,000 times . they have recorded the noise more than 1,000 times to conclude that it’s unique in the composition of sounds making the signal and in timing . but the song belongs to a strap-toothed whale, a southern bottlenosed whale or a gray’s beaked whale .
robert penny, 83, of malvern east, appeared at melbourne magistrates court on monday . he is charged with murdering claire acocks and his wife margaret penny at old london coiffure hairdressers in portland on may 3, 1991 . the women were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and wrapped in black hair wraps . penny was not required to speak during the hearing that lasted less than five minutes .
heida reed claims viewers' obsession with aidan turner's body is sexist . the 27-year-old says it undermines the rest of the bbc1 period drama . she said: 'i think there should be the same standard for both sexes'
the 4th district court of appeal in san diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family's lawsuit trying to block the encinitas union school district from teaching yoga . the lawsuit brought by stephen and jennifer sedlock and their two children claimed the school district's yoga classes promoted hinduism and inhibited christianity .
prime minister says snp will prop up minority labour administration . hopes it will bring forward dream of independence in next year's scottish parliament elections . lib dem cabinet minster danny alexander accuses pm of 'playing with fire' by stirring up ill-feeling between scotland and england .
david luiz pulled up after bursting run against marseille on sunday . brazilian defender signalled to the bench that he would need to be replaced . psg could be forced to play eight matches without luiz .
co-pilot andreas lubitz had been treated for psychiatric illness, it later emerged . discovery sparked debate over whether privacy laws should be less strict . it has been widely argued that germany's privacy laws were to blame for tragedy .
barry hearn has ruled out giving a wildcard to reanne evans . evans saw her crucible dream ended by ken doherty on thursday . doherty led calls for evans to be given another chance on the tour .
malaja was shot in the head as she sat in a car with her parents in suburban seattle thursday afternoon . police say a black car pulled alongside the silver chevrolet impala carrying malaja and the driver and passenger opened fire, striking the 1-year-old in the head . the baby remains in 'very critical condition' in hospital . police initially suggested road rage as a motive for the shooting .
royal marine bobby burnett forced samantha chudley to stop wearing make-up . the 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and brutally attacked her when she visited him at commando training centre at lympstone, devon . his violence and the stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages, exeter crown court heard . he was a marine with an exemplary service record who has been thrown out of the corps after a routine drug screen showed he was taking steroids .
henrikh mkhitaryan opened the scoring for borussia dortmund . pierre-emerick aubameyang doubled the home side's lead . shinji kagawa completed the comeback for dortmund .
jean sharon abbott, 38, from plymouth, minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was just four-years-old . but after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness, near immobility, as well as undergoing painful surgical procedures, she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia (drd), a rare, yet treatable, muscle disorder . drd is a
nobel literature laureate guenter grass dies at 87, his publisher says . grass is best known for his novel "the tin drum" grass has sparked controversy in the last decade .
jules bianchi crashed into a recovery vehicle at the japanese grand prix . the 25-year-old sustained a severe head injury and is in a coma . his father philippe bianchi has spoken of his son's condition .
duchess of cambridge's baby is due 'mid to late april', according to sources . kensington palace says kate's real due date is today or tomorrow . kate revealed the news during a visit to london last month .
darren humphries, 37, began throwing cadbury mini eggs at wife claire, 31 . he flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home . he forced the door open and grabbed his wife by the jaw causing her to fall . he then picked up a packet of the chocolate treats and began throwing eggs . mrs humphries managed to call police and her husband was arrested . he was jailed for eight weeks at worcester magistrates court on monday .
a masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in sydney's west . the incident took place shortly after 2pm, when the man fired a series of shots into the air outside before he fled the scene . wigram street in harris park was closed by police as the search for the gunman got underway . shoppers caught up in the potentially deadly incident were unnerved by the shooting .
sbs has sacked its football reporter scott mcintyre over his 'inappropriate and disrespectful' tweets on anzac day . mcintyre called the commemoration of anzac day an 'imperialist invasion' and accused australian diggers of committing war crimes . sbs managing director michael ebeid and director of sport, ken shipp said mcintyre's comments have 'caused his on-air position to become unten
mailonline ran a story on april fools' day stating that both teamtalks by arsenal captains per mertesacker and jordan henderson would be streamed live to the world . the story was of course a hoax but it still managed to create plenty of confusion for arsene wenger and the assembled press at thursday's press conference . wenger then turns to his press officer off camera who tells him: 'i think that's an april fools' joke' .
controversial uk commentator katie hopkins heaps praise on tony abbott's government for its success in stopping the boats . but her backhanded compliments may not sit well with policy-makers . she claims australia's strategy of 'threatening them with violence' is the way forward . 'they threaten them with violence until they bugger off, throwing cans of castlemaine in an aussie version of sharia stoning'
raymond howell jr.'s body was found near a culvert in mckinney, texas . friends said he had recently asked for a transfer after being bullied . mckinney police confirmed on thursday that it was suicide .
joan cheever founded the chow train non-profit organization in 2005, serving hot meals out of her personal pickup truck . on april 7, cheever was issued a citation and a $2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a licensed food truck . cheever said the officers gave her the green light to continue distributing the meals .
queen's hospital in staffordshire ran out of space to store bodies in mortuary . relatives were not told about the arrangement to use a refrigerated lorry . hospital bosses admitted they didn't tell relatives about the arrangement . a spokesman has claimed the use of a lorry is 'normal practice across the country'
andrea lindsay, 43, from prescot, merseyside, shed more than three stone . mother-of-one dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year . andrea's husband's colleagues thought robbie had traded her in for a younger, slimmer model at a christmas party when they failed to recognise her .
victor moses damaged his hamstring against west ham united on saturday . the nigeria international has returned to parent club chelsea for treatment . stoke are still interested in tying up a permanent move for the 24-year-old .
leaked sony emails reveal bbc wants to turn global hit series into movie . director of television wants to capitalise on its worldwide success . but creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop . messages between andrea wong, president of international production for sony, and its chief executive michael lynton were among 173,000 hacked by north korea .
michael slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on walter scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston, south carolina, on saturday . his attorney andy savage told cbs that slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees . slager's mother is expected to visit her son friday for the first time since the shooting .
barcelona manager luis enrique insists xavi has a vital role to play in the club's quest for the treble . xavi has managed just five starts in 21 games for the catalans this season . the 35-year-old assisted jeremy mathieu's winner against celta vigo .
jermain defoe posted a photo via his instagram page which showed him enjoying a game of basketball . the former spurs forward scored a sublime volley against newcastle earlier this month . sunderland are in the middle of a premier league relegation battle .
former white house florist ronn payne claims chelsea clinton referred to the secret service with an offensive counter-culture epithet . chelsea accompanied her parents and their dog to the marine one chopper in 1998, just a day after the president admitted to marital infidelities . chelsea now runs the family philanthropy along with her parents .
filmmaker michael könig from cologne, germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity . it was made by stitching together footage from nasa's solar dynamics observatory over five years . the movie, called sun, was created by filmmaker michael könig from cologne, germany . it uses footage recorded by nasa’s solar dynamics observatory . highlights include large, bright tendrils extending outward from the sun’s surface and occasionally crashing down again - known as solar prominences . another
selena's family is creating a "digital embodiment" of the singer . the technology is being handled by a nevada-based tech company .
qpr owner tony fernandes wants to avoid fines of up to £50million . football league board member jim rodwell has left notts county to become chief executive of scunthorpe . league one clubs have been informed that there are two nominations for the vacant seat — rodwell and former manchester united director maurice watkins . raheem sterling’s stand-off with liverpool over a new contract is not just to do with him .
nicola sturgeon said she understands concerns of english voters about her party being involved in a coalition government . suggested david cameron had been 'not unhelpful' to the snp by gaining the party greater publicity .
talented toddler carefully balances three small bowls on her head . the youngster is thought to be aged between two and three years old . adorable video of her dancing has gone viral in china .
shelbie brooke richards, 21, of pearl, mississippi, was sentenced to eight years in prison on one count each of conspiracy to commit a hate crime and concealing the crime by lying to police . sarah adelia graves, 22, of crystal springs was sentenced to five years in prison for one count of conspiracy to commit a hate crime . both women were riding in a truck that fatally ran over james craig anderson, 47, in june 2011 .
carol bennett-chevereau from quebec, canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases . but footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free .
rory mcilroy is bidding to win a fifth major and complete a career grand slam . world no 1 shook sir nick faldo's hand during monday's practice round . mcilroy was on the cover of men's health magazine last week .
gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in guatemala, survey says . guatemala ranks third in the killings of women worldwide .
police response times in some areas have increased by up to 50 per cent . victims in bedfordshire, devon and cornwall are waiting an extra couple of minutes . in essex and kent, crime victims are waiting up to a third longer .
dr milton wainwright has been trying to convince academics for years . he says the organisms test positive for dna, and have masses that are 'six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from earth to this height' the british professor announced the discovery in an email to his students at sheffield university, who posted it on reddit . his views have been widely dismissed by the scientific community .
gigi hadid, 19, took inspiration from kendall jenner when it came to dealing with negative feedback, particularly on social media . gigi said: 'from kendall i learned how to deal with the haters. she has a really good sense of when to stand up [on social media] and when to back off' .
karni bt. medi tarsim was sentenced to death in march 2013 for killing her employer's child . she was the second indonesian domestic worker executed by the saudis this week . rights groups say they suspect siti was mentally ill and that she had been abused .
prince harry is in australia to report for official military duty . revellers scrambled to get a piece of the royal on their camera phones . he joked with wellwishers and offered handshakes and high fives . the royal made a beeline for a youngster with a banner saying ‘redheads rule’ .
e-scapes is the world's first 'virtual holiday' experience on social media . it allows customers to appear to be on a trip according to their social channels . the holidays take management of an individual's social media profiles .
john kerry said washington would not accept foreign interference in yemen . he said it was a direct criticism of tehran's backing of shiite houthi fighters . comes as saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces .
zana was found in the ochamchir region of western georgia in 19th century . witnesses described her as having 'all the characteristics of a wild animal' dna evidence from her granddaughter and remains of her son also proved she was of african descent .
jeremy clarkson and his colleagues were thrown out of argentina last year . the number plate, h982 fkl, was a direct reference to the 1982 falklands war . judge maria cristina barrionuevo said they were deliberately 'provoking people' she slammed their actions as 'arrogant and disrespectful' .
gregory van der wiel says he's happy at paris saint-germain . the dutch full back dropped for champions league clash with chelsea . van der wiel says he wants to sign a new contract at the ligue 1 club .
neil patrick harris and david burtka's twins eat clams, sushi, octopus, grilled pork, steak, parmesan cheese, coconut, and spices like ginger, mint, and cinnamon . son gideon favors clams, sushi, octopus, grilled pork, steak, parmesan cheese, coconut, and spices like ginger, mint, and cinnamon . daughter harper prefers oysters, sardines, prosciutto, capers, duck liver, miso
flight lieutenant stephen beaumont took bear on every battle of britain flight . he was one of just seven of the 24 pilots who survived the second world war . bear is expected to sell for £10,000 when it goes under the hammer at bonhams .
robert downey jr. walked out of an interview with a british journalist . krishnan guru-murthy started asking personal questions about downey .
david fitzgerald says there are no contemporary mentions of jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived . he also points to discrepancies in the early gospels of mark, matthew and luke, claiming these were written decades after the supposed time of jesus .
hillary clinton visited kristin's bistro & bakery in keene, new hampshire on monday as her presidential campaign got underway . but a few run-of-the-mill people in the kitchen refused to be seen with her . 'there was a bit of a thing back here when she came in,' said a campaign official .
ruth davison owns £1million house in islington, north london . she and husband chris bailey bought house for £440,000 ten years ago . she has been leading campaign against right to buy scheme .
leigh griffiths scored a hat-trick as celtic came from behind to beat kilmarnock . ronny deila said griffiths should be an example to others left out . celtic face inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday .
whitney fetters, 28, from putnam city, oklahoma, 'exchanged naked photos and videos of herself performing sex acts with the boy on february 13' she 'planned to invite him over as she was house-sitting so they could get high and have sex' she 'sent him sexually suggestive text messages and invited him over to stay the night so they could have sex' fetters turned herself into police in february after other students told her about the pictures but she was released after posting $10,000 bail .
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in the champions league on tuesday . pep guardiola's side have now scored 115 goals this season . bayern still have five bundesliga matches to play .
tourists are pointed to toilets, a local gp and an abattoir in dornoch, scotland . the bizarre sign caused an online stir after it was posted on twitter . it was retweeted by scots crime writer ian rankin and has since been removed .
the 50-year-old food network star is 'heartbroken' about the split and his wife is 'mighty unhappy' with the prenup which is said to favor bobby . also on friday the new york daily news claimed the actress questioned her spouse about rumours he was romantically involved with mad men star january jones in 2010 . jones is now dating will forte, who she was seen with in february at the premiere of the last man on earth .
clarence habersham, 37, was the second officer to arrive at the body of walter scott, 50, after michael slager, 33, shot scott five times in the back as he ran away from a traffic stop . slager has been fired from the north charleston police department and charged with murder last week . the national bar association is calling for habersham to be fired and prosecuted for falsifying a report about scott's actions .
tiny home is sandwiched between two properties in islington, north london . it has two-bedrooms, a tiny study, reception room, shower room, cloakroom, kitchen and a garden . at its widest, it stretches across 8ft 8in and is only 5ft wide in some areas . it also features a tiny study, reception room, shower room, cloakroom, kitchen and a garden .
ashley jennifer white, 30, and paul thomas, 32, have been charged with felony child abuse and neglect in the death of their 5-year-old son, noah . noah thomas went missing from his dublin, virginia, home on march 22 as his mother slept with her infant daughter . after an intense-five days search, the child's body was found inside a septic tank on white and thomas' property . the couple's 6-month-old daughter was removed from their home and
anthony mcgill beats mark selby 13-9 in betfred world championships . mcgill will face alan mcmanus in the quarter-finals . ronnie o'sullivan said there would be no worthier champion because of his dedication .
philip lyle hansen, 56, is accused of removing women’s teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex . new zealander has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges, including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011 . on wednesday a jury continued hearing evidence from a woman, 47, who was in a relationship with hansen during the 1990s . she told the court she never consented to hansen pulling out her
michelle pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by katie couric . couric will serve as an executive producer, drawing on her experience as an anchor on today for 15 years . the ladies are currently in talks with hbo, showtime, amc, netflix and amazon to pick up the program .
china launches smartphone app starring its current president xi jinping . the app aims to "arouse enthusiasm" for socialist ideologies . xi is keen to be portrayed as a strong leader and as a man of the people .
budi was introduced to jemmi at the international animal rescue's orangutan center in indonesia, less than a month ago . video footage shows the pair throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit . at one point jemmi nuzzles budi's side and purses her lips, as if she is blowing him a kiss - he then promptly performs the same gesture back at her .
european populations were dark skinned for far longer than thought . hunter gatherers living in spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin . it was not until 7,800 years ago, when the first farmers migrated from the near east through turkey, that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared .
ufo researcher scott waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from nasa's mercury project . scientists say claims such as this are a case of pareidolia, which tricks the brain into seeing familiar objects in random places . image was taken by unmanned space probe mercury-redstone 1a on december 19, 1960 .
heather mack, 19, accused of murdering her mother sheila von wiese-mack . mack and boyfriend tommy schaefer, 21, 'stamped mack's body in bali hotel' blanket fell away as stella was being looked after by a friend outside court .
as many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough to need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches . range from bruises and sprains to fractures, torn ligaments and at worst, concussion and damage to the brain and spinal cord . professor allyson pollock, an expert in public health at queen mary, university of london said these plans were ‘extremely worrying’ .
bahar mustafa, welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths, banned men and white people from 'diversity' meeting . event was held to discuss 'diversifying the curriculum' at university of london . she said she hoped to persuade academics to broaden courses to include more material relating to minority groups . union backed down after a backlash from students, one of whom described the exclusive policy as ‘patronising beyond belief’ .
the mary harvin transformation center was being built in a part of baltimore where unemployment rates reach 25% . "i see the hopelessness ... but i still see hope in god that we can rise from the ashes," a baltimore pastor says .
maria kukucova, 25, was arrested in april last year after andy bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the costa del sol . the blonde model had gone on the run but was tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away in western slovakia . now her parents lubomir kukuca, 50, and danka kukucova, 51, are selling up their home to move somewhere more secluded and pay thousands for lawyers' fees .
frida kahlo wrote passionate love letters to catalan artist jose bartoli from 1946 and 1949 while she was married to muralist diego rivera . the letters were saved by jose until his death in 1995 . a collection of 25 of the letters will be auctioned at doyle new york on april 15 .
rangers dropped points against livingston by drawing 1-1 with the strugglers . rangers face hibernian in the scottish championship play-offs on wednesday . stuart mccall has revealed he will be cheering on the scottish outfit .
shariya refugee camp is made up of some 4,000 tents and counting . the majority of the camp's occupants are from the town of sinjar . isis took thousands of yazidis captive .
jane horrocks took three weeks to drive from san francisco to los angeles . she travelled along the pacific coast highway (aka route 1) from san francisco . route 1 takes in the golden gate bridge, fisherman's wharf and the golden gate .
kristina patrick from alaska filmed her german shepherd, pakak, performing a skillful trick . video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws .
'if hillary clinton can't satisfy her husband,' a texas cowgirl tweeted, 'what makes her think she can satisfy america?' when someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included trump's twitter handle in the message, one of the billionaire's staffers retweeted it for him – to his audience of 2.8 million people . 'as soon as mr. trump saw the tweet he deleted it,' a spokesperson told daily mail online .
tanguy pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the university of oregon, had a clear lead on meron simon, who competes for the university of washington . but pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy, with less than 100m to go . gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum, opening the way for simon to speed towards the finish line . but the warning came too late, and simon flashed past, leaving pepiot to collapse, defeated .
carphone warehouse's id network will launch in may and offer free roaming in 22 countries including the us, australia and across europe . the aim is to offer features that customers want, including 12-month contracts and affordable 4g handsets . id will use three's existing infrastructure to offer these networks and plans .
flakka can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with marijuana . it is usually made from the synthetic chemical alpha-pvp . that's the synthetic version of cathinone, the same chemical used to make bath salts . once ingested, flakka causes a feeling of euphoria, hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or apparent superhuman strength . the high lasts for a couple of hours and users are left with a strong desire to use again .
jeremy clarkson has become a green campaigner, it has emerged . simon cowell will be put on the £5 note after a public poll . pisa is becoming a luxury hotel and tesco is opening trampoline aisles .
dozens of americans are caught in the crossfire of warring parties in yemen . u.s. has said it is too dangerous for them to directly evacuate americans . saudi arabia has been conducting airstrikes in yemen .
saracens lost to clermont in the aviva premiership on saturday . mark mccall's side have lost back-to-back european and domestic finals . sarries' long-suffering chairman nigel wray said english clubs will never be able to compete with french teams if the domestic salary cap is not raised .
apryl foster, 33, was last seen leaving a bar alone in ybor city, florida, on february 12 . her blood alcohol level was 0.18, over twice the legal limit for driving, and autopsy results show she was under the influence of alcohol and marijuana . foster's family believe she drove into the wrong subdivision, then through a gated area to a boat ramp and down into the lake .
paul and laura elliott tied the knot at the london marathon on sunday . the pair combined their love for running and their love for each other . paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago . the pair have raised £7,000 so far to help honour his memory .
images capture to work of japan's 'lonely death' squads, who specialise in cleaning out the properties of elderly people . in march, the body of an 85 year-old man was found dead in his tokyo flat after he had been dead for a month . police officers will have already removed the often badly decomposed bodies before the cleaning teams arrive . but the majority of the houses are still packed with signs of a once active life - including unwashed dinner plates and unopened letters .
google's popular real-time traffic app, waze, uses gps navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams, accidents and stalled cars . jeffrey toobin: waze poses an enormous risk to deputies and police officers .
theory surfaced in letter from matt andersson, president of indigo aerospace . he says 'electronic hacking' could have been to blame for crash in alps . crash blamed on co-pilot andreas lubitz, 28, who locked himself in cockpit . investigators point to a history of mental illness and hidden notes .
the current state of the algerian league table sees all 16 teams in with a shout of the championship . with four rounds of matches remaining, just 11 points split leaders es setif and bottom-placed na hussein dey . the top two teams qualify for next year's caf champions league, while the team in third make the caf confederation cup .
gayla neufeld, 52, from texas, has a 96-inch belly . met truck driver husband lance on a fat-fetish forum . says men love her 'perfect belly' and she gets approached by doctors .
the white-cheeked macaque, from tibet, china, has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species . officially named macaca leucogenys, it earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face . videos have also revealed that the animal has a distinctive alarm calls compared to other macaques in tibet .
labour leader vows to end casual employment contracts that ‘undermine living standards and family life’ . but his crackdown intended to regain the political initiative after boosts for the tories on jobs and incomes backfired spectacularly . mr miliband said a labour government would legislate to require employers to offer a contract to anyone who had been working regular hours for 12 weeks . he made a stinging attack on both david cameron and firms that use ‘exploitative’ contracts which fail to guarantee minimum hours of work .
yassir ali, 29, was stopped by traffic police in birmingham in february . officers suspected the silver bmw 1 series may have been stolen . ali flew through several junctions, ignoring red lights and pulling onto the wrong side of the road in a desperate attempt to avoid arrest . the 29-year-old was jailed for 14 months for dangerous driving .
photographer kenji wardenclyffe captured the explosive moment during a melbourne protest against the 'islamisation' of australia . a number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika appeared at the rally and attempted to start a fight with anti-racism protesters . mr wardenclyffe said he was pushed around by protesters throughout the day .
sergio aguero and marco reus went head-to-head to launch puma evospeed 1.3 . manchester city striker scored to put his side 3-2 ahead at the etihad . reus has been heavily linked with a move away from dortmund .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from playing their part in the richest fight in boxing history on may 2 . mayweather does not earn any money from endorsements, although companies such as at&t and corona have sponsored his fights . mayweather is currently trained by his uncle roger and his father floyd snr. mayweather counts justin bieber and lil wayne among his celebrity fans .
delayed flight from madrid to manchester had been due to land on friday . passengers disembarked to find empty arrivals hall at terminal 3 . border force claim a number of passengers were checked on arrival .
tories will re-sit children who fail tests to ensure they can read, write and add up . around 100,000 pupils a year do not pass english and maths tests . prime minister said these children will be given extra help and support .
tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest and plains . scattered storms will soak illinois and missouri, and wind and hail will continue to be moderate . earlier this week, severe weather struck the south .
mike premeau and kathy danke launched a small pizza business in wisconsin . people began mistaking them for memories pizza of walkerton, indiana . the two businesses are at the center of a national debate over indiana's religious freedom act .
kenyatta leal is the first graduate of the last mile, the world's only prison-based tech incubator . the program teaches inmates how to code and build a business for when they are paroled . leal is lobbying investors to back the unprecedented method of criminal rehabilitation: teaching cons about technology .
mick schumacher, 16, makes his debut in the 2015 adac formula 4 series . schumacher junior finished second in the world, european and german kart championships last season . schumacher junior will start 19th in the 38-car grid in saturday's first race .
stan freberg died of natural causes at a santa monica hospital, his son and daughter said . freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a "guerilla satirist" the new york times dubbed him the "che guevara of advertising"
up to half of women are thought to suffer from pelvic organ prolapse . many who do are offered just one solution: a hysterectomy . surgeon jonathan broome claims thousands of patients may be undergoing the drastic operation needlessly .
wimbledon semi-finalist milos raonic and 19-year-old nick kyrgios will make their debuts at queen's club this summer . canada's raonic lost to roger federer in last year's wimbledon semi-final . kyrgios burst onto the scene with a shock fourth-round victory over two-time champion rafael nadal .
lord fellowes, 65, has revealed he is to turn anthony trollope's doctor thorne into a new three-part historical drama for itv . tv insiders say lily james, who stars in disney's cinderella, would be ideal as mary in the new tv adaptation . fellowes's track record in both television and film is likely to attract an a-list cast .
the unnamed man died from variant creutzfeldt-jakob (vcjd) disease in may 2014, just 18 months after he first showed symptoms . the report concluded the man's illness resulted from his eating tainted uk beef before he moved to the united states in the 1990s . the extreme rarity of the disease, especially in the united states, led the man to be misdiagnosed with psychiatric symptoms before ultimately receiving the vcjd death sentence .
tottenham and chelsea will be travelling overseas after the season . louis van gaal has successfully lobbied for a shorter us tour . arsenal were exploring the idea of playing additional matches in either india or malaysia after their initial trip to singapore .
bonnie suchet, 73, died peacefully on april 15 2015 aged 73 . a death notice in a national newspaper read: 'adored wife of john' . broadcaster declined to comment, stating it was a 'private family matter' fans took to twitter to offer their condolences .
catherine engelhardt, a math teacher at alverta b. gray schultz middle school in hempstead, new york, was viciously assaulted wednesday afternoon . annika mckenzie, 34, walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter . mckenzie believed engelhardt had 'put her hands' on her daughter earlier in the day . engelhardt was shoved against the wall, placed in a headlock and thrown to the floor
house in snodland, kent, was first rented by len and beatrice barnes in 1915 . couple raised their son gordon and daughters freda, hilda and gwendoline . bought it 40 years later for £350 and passed it to freda when they died . their 10 great-grandchildren and 7 great-great-grandchildren have enjoyed house . but freda died last december, aged 99, and the younger family have now moved away . howard knott,
ukip leader to make comments in debate at european parliament in strasbourg . he will warn if eu agrees to give refuge to migrants from north africa . could lead to millions being given passports that allow them to move to uk .
mikki nicholson, 36, suffered daily verbal abuse in carlisle, cumbria . she had planned move to newcastle, where she hoped people would be more accepting . but she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing . inquest heard how she was receiving psychiatric treatment in months before her death .
the drone was supposed to be capturing footage of the royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a reality show set in the zoo . after the attack, the chimp pounced and the drone crashed to the ground .
julia louis-dreyfus, 54, models the ultra-short hairstyle in the newest season of hbo's political comedy veep . she also features on the cover of marie claire's career-oriented supplement @work, which is featured in the may issue .
'ceo barbie' is the 96th image to come up when you enter the term 'ceo' google generates images based on a knot of complex algorithms related to file names and key words . the more 'popular' an image is, the higher up the ranks it will move . the next female is jessica herrin, ceo of jewellery company stella & dot .
liverpool host arsenal at anfield in the premier league on saturday . five hat-tricks have been netted in liverpool vs arsenal fixture . robbie fowler scored the quickest hat-trick in premier league history . thierry henry scored a treble for arsenal at highbury in 2004 .
a 4wd containing four children and an adult has crashed into a lake at wyndham vale in melbourne's outer west . police believe that all four children are under the age of six . the relation between the female driver and the four children is not yet known . the fourth child was flown by air ambulance to the royal children's hospital and remains in a serious condition .
petra wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in glasgow with her son, noah, nine . she set up her own business, the west brewery, in 2006 . petra's flagship beer, st mungo lager, is stocked in 100 waitrose branches .
jason dufner and wife amanda married in 2012 - but separated in february 2015 . amanda has been awarded $2.5million (£1.8m) as part of the settlement . dufner has struggled this season as he recovers from a neck injury .
james milner could leave manchester city as a free agent in june . glen johnson looks set to leave liverpool after six years at anfield . kolo toure could leave real madrid for liverpool .
personal trainer allie dodds alleges ashy bines used her recipes in an e-book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book . ms dodds said she was stunned when a colleague noticed her salmon and cauliflower sushi recipe in a 2012 edition of ms bines' clean eating recipe book . ms bines is best known for her 12 week ashy bines bikini body challenge . a blogger came forward suggesting she had also been plagiarised .
bristol city beat bradford 6-0 to reach promotion from league one . james tavernier scored a brace to give the robins victory . joe bryan, luke ayling, aden flint and aaron wilbraham also on target .
the first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in houston on april 8 . they are named ava lane, hazel grace, olivia marie, parker kate and riley paige .
elle, 51, reveals she carries a ph balance urine tester kit in her bag . says most ailments come from having an acidic body . an alkaline body can be achieved by eating the right foods and exercising .
celtic moved eight points clear of aberdeen with victory at st mirren . james forrest strike and stefan johansen penalty secured win . manager ronny deila hit out at state of paisley pitches in scotland .
the body of stephanie scott has been formally identified after an autopsy . the 26-year-old's burned body was found near a road in cocoparra national park, north of griffith, nsw, on friday afternoon . a post-mortem has been completed at glebe morgue in sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner . the department of forensic medicine has made contact with ms scott's family to provide specialist grief counselling .
snp leader nicola sturgeon said the 'direction of travel' was towards independence . but david cameron warned of the 'frightening' prospect of a labour government . he has urged people to vote tactically to keep a labour-snp government out of power .
curtly ambrose gave west indies a pep talk on day two in antigua . ambrose looked to have roused his charges as they took five for 58 . england’s ninth man in chris jordan played out an interesting duel with former barbados team-mate justin holder . shiv chanderpaul’s test career has now lasted 21 years and 28 days .
michael conlan beat josé vicente azocar 49-46 in venezuela on saturday . the belfast boxer needed to win to book his place at the rio 2016 olympics . team-mate paddy barnes extended his undefeated wsb record to 7-0 .
andre schurrle scored his first goal since joining from chelsea in february . the former chelsea forward thanked wolfsburg supporters for their patience . wolfsburg are seven points clear of borussia monchengladbach .
hugo mbaeri, 25, from portsmouth, denies fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the old bailey . alleged ringleader of scheme, olawabiyi ayanwale, is not before the court . abiola balogun, 22, gideon boateng, 19, tevin campbell, 20, rebecca jack, 21, patrick reddington, 20, and christiana tella, 19, are accused of using their accounts to siphon the stolen funds .
skywest airlines flight 5622 was flying from chicago to connecticut on wednesday . pilot was alerted to a potential loss of cabin pressure in the cabin . as passengers began to feel dizzy and sick, the plane 'nosedived' 30,000 feet in just eight minutes before landing in buffalo, new york . no mechanical faults have been found on board the plane .
mcdonald's is going to raise wages for 90,000 of its employees . donna brazile: this raise isn't enough to pay for groceries, rent and transportation .
gov. andrew cuomo says more than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals . symptoms after use range from confusion, drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate . synthetic marijuana is popular among teens because it is marketed as incense or natural products .
gulam chowdhury, 24, stabbed mohammed yasser afzal 20 times in east london cab . court heard mr afzal threatened to show intimate pictures of nargis riaz . ms riaz, 22, had been dating chowdhury and mr afzal for several weeks . chowdhury quoted verses from the quran before stabbing ms riaz .
antonio di natale has hailed alexis sanchez as the best strike partner he's ever had . di natale played alongside sanchez for five years at serie a side udinese . the former italy striker insists sanchez is better than neymar .
west brom beat crystal palace 2-0 at the hawthorns on saturday . craig gardner scored a spectacular long range strike for the baggies . tony pulis left palace on the eve of the new premier league season .
sam allardyce's contract at west ham expires at the end of the season . garry monk has been touted as a potential replacement for allardyce . but the swansea boss insists allardyce is a perfect fit at upton park .
dove grey suit was once worn by notorious nazi commander hermann goering . sweat stains on the uniform helped experts identify goering as its owner . suit is expected to fetch £85,000 when it goes under the hammer in devon .
sir stirling, 85, won 212 races during his 14-year career . he has revealed he has 77 press-ups and half a bottle of chardonnay . he also said he sees fitness as a 'way of life' .
the body of anne jarmain, 86, was found at 7pm on wednesday . her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to cross cessnock road, which in the nsw hunter region . ms jarmain was dragged into the waters when she tried to manoeuvre her silver hatchback around a stalled falcon before 9am on wednesday . ten people immediately ran into the water, with four people stripping off and swimming frantically through the icy, fast-moving water 
australian historian dr jim penman has warned britain is facing a collapse in society similar to ancient rome . he has drawn a parallel between modern-day britain and the roman empire in 100bc - when julius caesar was ruler . over subsequent centuries there was a rise in social divisions, inequality and political tensions - which resulted in its demise .
david beckham's 40th birthday is on saturday, 2 may and he is expected to fly out to morocco for a glamorous bash . reports state that he will be staying at the five-star luxury amanjena resort, just outside marrakech . the name amanjena translates as peaceful paradise, which is echoed by its remote, private surroundings . tom cruise, guy ritchie, gordon ramsay and best friend dave gardner are set to attend the event .
pedro hernandez is charged with killing 6-year-old etan patz in 1979 . he confessed to police three years ago, but his lawyers say he made up his account .
sarah thomas, 42, a college football conference usa official, has been considered before for a position in the nfl before being chosen to start in the league next year . the mother-of-three from brandon, mississippi, became the first woman to officiate a fbs game in 2007 and the first to preside over a bowl game in 2009 .
mohammed abu khdeir, 16, was beaten and burned alive by three israelis in july . his family and others objected to his inclusion on the memorial wall .
danielle davies gave birth to harley at 12lb following an eight hour labour . the 21-year-old had insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby . harley weighs 11lb 5oz and fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months .
the moon slips fully into earth's shadow at 4:58 a.m. pacific time . it's the third in a series of four in a row, known as a "tetrad" total lunar eclipses typically happen at least twice a year .
radamel falcao could still sign permanently for manchester united . ed woodward held talks with monaco president vasim vasilyev on sunday . the colombian striker has scored just four goals in the premier league .
fireball is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in america . retail sales more than doubled last year . fireball has dethroned jagermeister as america's party shot of choice .
the searing california heat was excuse enough for revellers to ditch most of their clothes, and the scraps that remained left much to be desired . one woman spotted was nude except for a minute chainmail band slung around her hips, two silver star stickers covering her nipples and a breezy shrug . another was dressed in a strappy monokini, essentially leaving her practically naked apart from a pair of sturdy boots, a beaded headband, shades and sheer white printed kimono .
stephanie hannon, who previously worked at gmail and google maps, will serve as hillary clinton's chief technology officer . she will oversee a sprawling effort to develop websites, mobile apps and other vehicles for pushing the former secretary of state's brand through the 2016 elections . nearly 20 potential white house hopefuls plan for a 2016 campaign season that will rely heavily on clicks, likes, shares and other indications of a broad reach .
study based on study of 95,000 young people . all those in the study had older siblings . some of the elder children had autism and some did not .
delonte martistee, 22, of bainbridge, georgia, and ryan calhoun, 23, of mobile, alabama, have been suspended from troy university in the wake of sexual assault claims . the two were arrested this week after police uncovered cellphone footage of the two of them assaulting an incapacitated girl at the spinnaker beach club in panama city, florida . the video allegedly shows hundreds of people gathered around the girl as the men violate her while she lays on a beach chair .
john pat cunningham, 27, was shot by the british army in a field in 1974 . a 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in england . he is being taken to northern ireland for questioning .
the fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities . the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for postmates beginning at $5 and up . chipotle is thought to have turned down previous offers of collaboration with third-party delivery services - but has now given postmates the green light .
australian prime minister tony abbott appears to accept the inevitability of the executions . chan and sukumaran's deaths will result in short to medium term frictions between canberra and jakarta . australian public's view of indonesia, and anger with its government, will take longer to subside .
manchester city host manchester united in the april derby at old trafford . louis van gaal and manuel pellegrini have tinkered with their systems . sportsmail looks at how a composite xi of the sides might take shape .
48% said they should be free, while 31% thought they were too high . atm cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges also high on list .
diane mclean, 58, and her children rose, 8, and twins james and annabelle, 5, lost everything except the clothes on their backs in the east village apartment fire last week . two people died in the explosion, moises ismael locon yac, 26, and 23-year-old nicholas figueroa . 19 people were injured, some of them critically, and dozens were left homeless . a gofundme campaign has raised more than $87,000 for the family .
bikram choudhury, 69, has been accused of sexually assaulting six women . he has spoken out for the first time since the accusations were made . choudhury has 720 yoga schools in 220 countries, including chelsea clinton . he said: 'women like me. women loves me. so if i really wanted to involve the women, i don't have to assault the women'
samaritans pictured carrying the wounded on stretchers at hillsborough . appeal launched to identify those who tended to them at the 1989 disaster . police say the 'unusual' appeal is necessary as they may answer questions of victims' families .
the liquid is called shear-thickening fluid (stf), and hardens upon impact at any temperature . in a 'liquid armour' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area . the exact composition of the stf is known only to moratex and its inventors at the military institute of armament technology in warsaw .
claudia martins, 33, wept as she walked free after judge accepted she had a 'momentary abnormality of mental functioning' . court heard she was suffering from a condition known as a 'pathological denial of pregnancy' which continued after giving birth to a baby girl . she 'intended' to dispose of the tragic baby's body unnoticed, wrapping it in a plastic bag and towels, but was prevented from doing so when paramedics arrived and whisked her off to hospital .
seaworld has released a video that shows ex-trainer john hargrove repeatedly using the n-word . the recorded cell phone conversation shows hargrove using the n-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend . hargrove, who also featured prominently in the cnn documentary blackfish, says seaworld is mounting a smear campaign against him in an attempt to distract from his message . seaworld said the company was given the video by an 'internal whistle-blower'
manchester united host manchester city at old trafford (sunday 4pm) red devils have chris smalling back in contention after illness . robin van persie will not be risked after ankle trouble . vincent kompany doubtful for manchester city with hamstring injury .
maria sharapova will play for russia in the fed cup semi-finals next week . the world no 2 rarely plays the tournament due to her busy schedule . playing in the team event helps her qualify for next year's olympics .
dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous . it is a melting pot of decadence in the middle east . but it has a rapidly developing cultural underside .
italian doctor dr. sergio canavero wants to put an entire head on a human body . he has identified a 30-year-old russian man with a rare genetic disorder as the first patient . canavero says he has a stack of emails and letters from people who want a new body .
dale forrest, 26, from bolton, would drink up to 12 pints a night . rugby player ballooned to 24 stone due to his unhealthy lifestyle . gave up takeaways and fatty readymeals and went to the gym to lose weight .
isis has benefited from a media environment that amplifies its propaganda, officials say . the group quickly reached early recruits through videos that showcased the fear its adherents instilled in nonbelievers .
italian alex bellini will live atop an iceberg in greenland starting next year . he will live inside a contained ball, with no means to escape for 12 months . the capsule will be 10ft (three metres) wide and could fit 10 people . but mr bellini will remove all of the seats apart from one, for himself . he will have exercise equipment, such as a stationary bike, in addition to supplies for the year such as food and water . the aim of the stunt is to highlight how global warming will melt iceberg
teresa bullock captured the clip at her house in ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old macaque monkey named angel . the video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers . owner proceeds to apply moisturizing cream, eye-liner, mascara and finally, and perhaps most shockingly, red lipstick .
detectives believe william tyrrell may have been kidnapped by a paedophile ring . the three-year-old disappeared from his grandmother's nsw home in september . the homicide squad and sex crime squad are 'perusing every lead' detective superintendent mick willing said: 'this investigation is moving at a very fast pace' the parents of the missing toddler have made a heartfelt plea for his return in a video made seven months after he disappeared .
ronda blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she was found stabbed to death and brutally assaulted in rural hall, north carolina . this after she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at atkins high school in rural hall, north carolina . three days later, her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot . the man who gave her a ride home that day was never found .
footage shows the rotund animal with his front hooves planted firmly on his pal's back . his horned head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves . the unlikely pair live at an animal rescue shelter in camp verde, arizona .
incident occurred at the 91st floor of the 101-storey shanghai world financial centre . platform swung violently in wind with the lujiazui financial district below . at least two panes of glass cracked due to the force of the impact .
the 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed after the blue mitsubishi lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at hinchinbrook in sydney's north-west . the men told police they were driving along partridge road at 4.30am on friday when they collided with a taxi at a roundabout . their car spun out of control before mounting the kerb, smashing through a colourbond fence and landing in the pool . police are now appealing for the taxi driver to come forward .
gary ballance scored 122 as england beat west indies in antigua . ballance's century was the mainstay of england's 333 for seven declared . chris jordan's one-handed catch made the breakthrough on day four . england finished day four on 98-2 after chris jordan's catch .
jackson byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour four weeks ago . his girlfriend jahnae jackson noticed he had developed a lump and prompted him to visit a doctor who requested an mri . the 18-year-olds from northern nsw have raised over $80,000 for his life-saving surgery to be performed on wednesday . he will be left paralysed and unable to dress himself .
simon mitchell, 44, stole from donna's dream house, a charity for terminally ill children based in blackpool, lancashire . he stole a laptop and tomtom satnav from the charity over three years . charity say mitchell let them down and left them picking up the pieces .
clint gee had planned to reunite his mother, elizabeth hobbs, with his father, alex gee, who died in 1964 . mr gee made the almost six hour journey from his home outside brisbane to wandoan in regional queensland . he paid a $342 fee after being upset with the council's reduced usual rate of more than $400 . mr gee said the council organisation process was 'a bloody bit stupid' .
thief stole 86-year-old woman's handbag from st james' church in manchester . he posed as a member of the congregation to carry out the crime . police have released an e-fit and cctv footage of the suspected offender .
alison saunders announced 86-year-old lord janner would not face trial . cps has been accused of double standards for not prosecuting lord janner . at least 19 men with dementia have been convicted of child sex offences since 2010 . some paedophiles have still been prosecuted and in some cases jailed . but mrs saunders and the cps insist lord janner cannot face prosecution .
heather mack, 19, will turn over a 'significant percentage' of her $1.3million trust fund to her newborn daughter stella . mack is accused of murdering her socialite mother sheila von wiese-mack in bali in august . mack filed a claim in february that her uncle, wiese-mack's brother and trustee of her estate, had blocked her access to the funds . a judge ordered $150,000 be released to pay for mack's defense, along with another $2,240 for living expenses .
the controversial retailer debuted a new 'pro-women' ad campaign featuring its female staffers in the latest issue of vice magazine . the ad reads: 'women make up 55per cent of our global workforce (sorry, guys) and an even higher percentage of our leadership and executive roles. this structure is incredibly (and unfortunately) rare in the corporate world' the ad was also posted on the company's instagram account last month in celebration of international women's day with more than 16,000 people liking the photo collage .
anaesthetic gases used to send patients to sleep during surgery are accumulating in the earth's atmosphere . concentrations have been rising globally in the past decade . the gases - desflurane, isoflurane and sevoflurane - have 2,500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide .
phil haste, 60, was told he had not shown pay and display ticket in his car . also told he had not shown it, even though he has a valid parking permit . torbay council said it was not their policy to issue fines in car parks . mr haste said it was a 'diabolical' decision as he had valid parking permit .
chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be ‘depriving more families’ of child benefit payments . more than a million households lost out when coalition announced families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit . anyone earning less than £50,000 still received full entitlement of £20.70 a week for the first child, and £13.70 for every subsequent child . conservatives say they would cut £30bn of spending if they win a second term .
lamb named winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the duck . duck pecks away at lamb's head and neck as if grooming its woollen coat . owner says pecking is a 'heartwarming sign of trust and friendship'
christian benteke has two years left on his contract at aston villa . belgian striker has ambitions to play in europe, says tim sherwood . villa are believed to value benteke at upwards of £25million .
brighton and hove albion are giving young players training in sexual consent . the championship side are the first club to provide such training . the protect, inform and prevent programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given, in law .
dashem tesfamichael, 30, was jailed for life with a minimum of 13 years . he stabbed olu olagbaju, 26, in shadan's nightclub in london in 2006 . tesfamichael, from camden, north london, was extradited back to britain . he was caught on camera drinking illegal alcohol and dancing .
brian and amanda bayers accidentally killed their 18-month-old son jackson in february . jackson was hit by the front wheels of the vehicle backing up and when the front wheels back around, he essentially walked right into the side of the vehicle . brian said he wishes he could have done something to prevent his son's cruel fate .
keanu reeves visited the red bull factory in milton keynes . the hollywood actor made no secret of his passion for formula one . reeves grilled red bull's chief technical officer adrian newey .
john hancock called his sister bianca rinehart 'the fat' and 'fatty' in emails tendered between 2004 and 2006 . emails tendered as gina rinehart's daughter was reduced to tears . the siblings are united in a bitter trust dispute against their mother . gina rinehart is the richest person in australia .
yervand garginian, a 60-year-old bus driver from south croydon in melbourne, filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue . his daughter elizabeth, 24, posted the video to reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times . mr garginian dismisses the australian-style barbecue of cooking 'oily' sausages .
austin bird is a democratic party insider who chauffeured vice president joe biden around davenport, iowa in october . he interned with president obama's 2012 re-election campaign, and was tapped to chauffeur vice president joe biden around davenport in october . bird said he and two other young people were asked to sit with clinton at a coffee shop in leclaire, iowa on tuesday morning . cli
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao at the mgm grand on saturday . mayweather has the luxury of training at his self-titled boxing club in las vegas, which is situated next to a chinese baptist church . pacquiao has been training at trainer freddie roach's wild card gym in los angeles . the 36-year-old arrived at the mandalay bay hotel in las vegas on monday .
u.s. president barack obama said he will engage with the middle east in an interview . julian zelizer: obama's assessment of u.s. capabilities is not reassuring to the region .
jade ruthven, 33, of perth, western australia, was shocked when she found a scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter addison on facebook . the letter claims to be from 'a few of the girls' and demands she give everyone 'a break' the dental hygienist still doesn’t know who was responsible for the letter .
england captain alastair cook failed with the bat again in the first test . jonathan trott also failed with the bat as west indies exploited his failing . england earned a first-innings lead of 104 in the first test in antigua .
services by west coast railways suspended following incident on march 7 . a 100mph collision between a steam excursion and a first great western high speed train was missed by barely a minute, according to reports . network rail, which owns the hogwarts express, has been privatised .
hungarian architect matyas gutai has built a water house in his hometown of kecskemet . a sheet of water is trapped between the inner layers of the house, equalizing the temperature across the building . the house can produce its own energy and be more independent of energy suppliers .
kris jenner looked downcast and emotional as she took a trip to the gym in beverly hills on monday morning . the 59-year-old appeared to bite her lip as if holding back tears . close family friend kathie lee gifford said on nbc's today that kris didn't know bruce's secret and she's still 'trying to get her act together' jenner revealed on friday that 'to all intents and purposes i am a woman' .
eligah christian, 49, was taken into custody friday after mashing the bulky vehicle into several patrol cars . he was being sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud, 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks . troopers deployed spike strips to stop the motorhome, but the vehicle struck patrol cars as the suspect tried turning around .
group - some shirtless - sung and swore their way from glasgow to alicante . witnesses said group drank heavily, abused fellow passengers and airline staff . spanish police were called by cabin crew to escort one of the party off plane .
lelisa desisa, 25, of ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 seconds . he beat his previous winning time by more than a minute on a day when security was on high alert for potential threats to competition's 119th race . thirty-thousand runners cruised through a damp monday morning route where well-wishers drew 'boston strong' in chalk to remember the three dead and more than 260 injured in attack near the finish line two years ago .
andy carroll suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during west ham's 0-0 draw with southampton on saturday . the 26-year-old took to instagram to show his followers the creation . carroll will not be available for the rest of the season .
the lawsuit by erica kinsman, which seeks damages from the former seminoles quarterback, was filed two weeks before the april 30 nfl draft . winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013 . he also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year .
more than 160 melon-headed whales washed up on two japanese beaches . the whales were washed up along a 6-mile (10km) stretch of the pacific coast of hokato, around 60 miles (100km) north of tokyo . fears based on appearance of 50 whales six days before 2011 earthquake . experts have dismissed the claims as being 'unscientific'
rochelle coulson, 21, put on 13st in four years by eating through 'boredom' she hasn't worked for five years because she would be a 'danger' in the workplace . she suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity . she says it leaves her so tired that she falls asleep unexpectedly . doctors have warned ms coulson she needs to lose weight to cure condition . but she says she needs a state-funded support worker to write her meal plans .
liz the bearded dragon responds to owner shannen hussein when asked 'are you hungry?' the reptile responds with a definite nod of her scaly head . liz is then rewarded for her conversational skills with a superworm treat .
jenna marotta, 27, of new york, developed dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding . she would descend 'into the mirror' for up to four hours a day to poke at and squeeze her pores . her parents horrified her by her compulsive behavior .
actor says scientology has helped him 'save lives' and 'saved my own life several times' he insists the church is not as evil as it has been depicted . scientology 'has a blackmail file' of 'damaging material' from travolta .
manchester city host west ham in the premier league on sunday . yaya toure has come in for criticism for his performances this season . manuel pellegrini has vowed to back the midfielder until the end of the season .
saracens chairman nigel wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as ‘a farce’ . saracens’ mounting debt has topped £40m — the most in rugby history . employee wage bill ballooned to £9.1m last year and there are growing concerns about the club’s financial health .
sportsmail's road to rio cyclist becky james has been out for a year . the british cyclist is finally on the verge of a return to regular training . james has been sidelined for a whole year with a back injury . she supported boyfriend george north during wales' six nations campaign .
tickets for floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao have yet to go on sale . the two camps and the mgm grand are locked in a stand-off over allotments . the impasse has left fans in the dark, and ticket brokers perplexed . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
female-looking robot, named aiko chihira, will speak japanese - but she is also capable of sign language . robot will be set up at mitsukoshi department store in nihonbashi, tokyo, on monday and tuesday .
jackson byrnes, 18, underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on wednesday . renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo is the only surgeon in australia willing to perform the risky operation . jackson was told he had only weeks to live when he was told he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on . jackson woke up from the surgery with the ability to move his body and even ask his mother for food . jackson's
roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over napoli . miralem pjanic scored a clinical counter-attack in the 25th minute . goalkeeper morgan de sanctis saved shot after shot by napoli .
ed miliband read motivational notes during leaders' debate . one reminds him to be a 'happy warrior' and to 'stay calm, never agitated' scrawled notes found in his dressing room after itv debate .
patrick miller, a self-employed personal trainer, and his friend damien rigden, from cambridge, created the tongue-in-cheek video . the pair stayed at a family-run hotel in cyprus for a friend's wedding . the three-and-a-half minute video has thousands of views on facebook and youtube .
a swimming echidna was spotted paddling out to sea off victoria's rye beach . the prickly mammal was filmed using its ant-eating snout as a snorkel . echidnas, like many native australian animals, are actually 'proficient' swimmers . they like the water so much, that the zoo built a special swimming pool for its echidna residents to cool off on hot summer days .
chelsea are set to take part in a post-season friendly down under in june . jose mourinho's side could face sydney at the anz stadium on june 2 . the blues are holding ongoing talks with sydney bosses . chelsea are expected to arrive in australia on the wednesday after the premier league season ends .
glasgow warriors captain al kellock will start at lock against cardiff blues . dougie hall is hanging up his boots after 13 years of professional rugby . warriors head coach gregor townsend named his full squad on thursday .
saudi arabia began airstrikes on houthi rebels in yemen three weeks ago . aden remains a city not fully in the hands either of houthi rebels or forces loyal to the ousted government of president abdu rabu mansour hadi .
lisa mcelroy, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her drexel university students under the subject line 'great article on writing briefs' on march 31 . mcelroy said she was 'mortified' and 'in terrible shape' when she found out what she had done . drexel conducted an internal investigation after the incident and found that mcelroy had not violated the university's sexual harassment and misconduct policy .
a review of ferguson's police department found a pattern of racial discrimination . the department of justice will negotiate with the city to restructure the police department .
top gear took up first, second, third and fifth spots in the catch-up service's top five for the month . the four episodes in february were watched a total of 9,047,000 times . episode two alone was watched 2,645,000 times . figures for march are expected to see a sharp decline .
alaska department of fish and game biologist tom seaton led 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile . wood bison are north america’s largest land mammal, but the native alaskan species disappeared from the state more than 100 years ago . wood bison were imported from canada to the alaska wildlife conservation center in 2008 but restoration of the threatened species was delayed .
christina o'gorman posed for her father, mervyn o'gorman, in 1913 . the 102-year-old images were taken on the beach at lulworth cove, dorset . they are on display at the national media museum in bradford .
eathan cruse, 19, was arrested after anti-terror raids in melbourne on saturday . he said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed . his father, glen, also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raids . eathan was released later in the day after his initial arrest .
six survivors of the paris kosher supermarket siege are suing a french media outlet . bfmtv is accused of broadcasting their location live during the siege .
peter kelly, 34, was killed on tuesday night when he was stabbed in the chest after an argument with three teenagers . levi acre-kendall, 19, was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on friday by the polk county attorney's office . during the alleged incident, kelly and ross lechman were fishing on the minnesota side of the st croix river when they heard three teens being loud and rude on the wisconsin side .
both william and kate have been seen out shopping this week . the mother to be was spotted in zara home in kensington high street . she recycled a bright pink coat by british brand mulberry .
jessica howard, 23, denounced 'night stalker' clive howard, 57, in court . waiving her right to anonymity, she said he had 'humiliated' her and ruined relationships with those closest to her . he admitted seven rapes, one attempted rape and three kidnappings . howard was jailed for a minimum of ten years and three months .
link on hsbc.com.hk's official website directed visitors to porn page . anyone trying to access young entrepreneur awards page was greeted by images . porn site took over address after awards were scrapped in 2011 . hsbc has apologised and denied link was linked to external site .
sam bennett was involved in a mass pile-up at the scheldeprijs one day classic . the bora-argon 18 cyclist suffered severe cuts to his back and shoulders . he was in contention to improve on his fifth-place finish in 2014 .
serafim todorov is the last man to beat floyd mayweather in the boxing ring . the 45-year-old lives on a £370-a-month handout from the bulgarian government . mayweather is unbeaten in 49 professional fights and is unbeaten in 47 .
britt mchenry, a washington d.c.-based sports reporter for espn, unleashed a vicious rant on a tow truck employee in arlington, virginia . the 28-year-old, who hails from new jersey, had her car towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant . mchenry was warned she was being filmed and continued to insult the woman's looks, education and job on-camera . she has been suspended for one week and could face further punishment .
a newly-released video has highlighted the shocking - and arguably discriminatory - price differences between products and services aimed at men and women . the clip was created by hln's the daily share, which found that women make, on average, 78 cents on the dollar to men . even more disappointing is that this practice of 'invisible tax' is entirely legal in almost every state in the us .
the girl's parents are divorced, and her father accused his ex-wife of 'abusing her parental discretion' by taking their daughter to the december 2013 concert . the mother admitted to being a 'little on guard' about taking her daughter, but that the girl was 'dying to go', so the mom looked up clips of the show on youtube and deemed them age-appropriate . a judge rejected the complaint in a 37-page decision that contained a brief history of rock  ⁇ n' roll and a commentary on the increasing use of
ella, 19, announced as face of batiste's 2015 'ready for it' campaign . partnership was fused together by the miles agency . international campaign launched with tv advertising campaign .
daniella d’addario, 35, was reported missing on monday along with her boyfriend josaia (joey) vosikata, 27 . daniella's body was found in the boot of a blue hyundai getz on wednesday . the 27-year-old man tried to flee the area but was arrested by police . officers were shown chasing the man into bushland and over a fence . 'show me your hands!' the arresting police officer screamed at the
a woman who boarded the driver's bus in ozone park, queens, recorded the unidentified driver looking at papers and driving with his wrists and forearms . she was 'shocked' that the behavior continued the entire ten minutes she was on the bus, in which all the seats were full . the papers in his hand were likely timetables used to make sure he was stopping at all the correct junctures . the bus was being used to replace part of a subway line closed for maintenance during the weekend .
a third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet . ten per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos, letters and mementos . from a marriage certificate to deeds to a house, only six per cent keep a back-up copy of vital paperwork online .
amelia-jane harris, 20, used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was a size 32 . developed crohn's disease and lost 18st in 20 months to become a slim size six . she now weighs just 8st 9lbs (121lbs) and is in constant pain . suffers excruciating bowel pain and can barely keep food down . says she would give anything to get her fuller figure back and eat normally .
sharon edwards, 55, was last seen on march 14 in grafton, nsw . she was last seen at her grafton home between 10 and 11pm on saturday . her son eli edwards said his father saw ms edwards early on saturday night . he then went back to lawrence and said he didn't see her there . police returned to her home on monday with a crime scene warrant .
david king, 70, had not been seen for six months in normandy, france . he retired there from his job as an engineer some 15 years ago . on october 27, he went to tea with friends and got into an argument . mr king, originally from east london, retired there from his job .
colin mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a family at a mcdonald's drive-through in coolalinga near darwin . the man's 22-year-old girlfriend, rachael sheppard, said he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in darwin . despite telling the family they thought they were someone different, the older man allegedly started bashing mr mcinerney .
alastair cook says england will leave antigua with 'a bit of a downer on' the tourists were chasing a first away win since beating india in 2012 . jason holder's unbeaten 103 earned them a deserved draw .
threat against flight 826 from cologne bonn to milan's malpensa airport was received on sunday evening . the tower in cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the airbus a320, which was taxiing toward the runway at the time . instead of taking off the plane the pilot steered the plane to a different part of the airport where passengers and crew were evacuated .
the inscriptions were found in naours, a two-hour drive north of paris . they were left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the somme . the site's proximity to the battlefields, where more than a million men were killed or wounded, adds to the discovery's importance .
more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie . some students said the movie's depiction of the iraq war reflected negatively on the middle east .
atletico madrid drew 0-0 with real madrid at the vicente calderon on tuesday . milorad mazic was booked for an elbow on mario mandzukic . miranda has criticised the serbian official's performance .
christopher starrs, 50, was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january this year . he and phillip tamplin invented clamped cars, overtime hours and damage to home owners’ property during broadband installation . they also paid engineers to help them make the fake claims . judge nicholas cooke qc blasted junior colleague recorder stuart trimmer qc for 'taking his eye off the ball'
manchester city will resist any attempt by valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for alvaro negredo . negredo joined valencia on loan last summer and the deal included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move . reports in spain suggested that valencia were having second thoughts about keeping negredo next season . but city are adamant that the deal will go through as planned .
pope francis will visit cuba on his way to the united states in september . the exact timing of the cuba trip wasn't immediately released .
providenciales, in turks and caicos, consistently ranks as one of the world's best beaches or islands . the caribbean island, north-east of cuba, was tops in tripadvisor’s travellers’ choice awards for 2015 . santorini, greece, madeira, portugal, crete, greece and zakynthos, crete also made the top five .
michael keith spell, 25, of parachute, colorado, was sentenced following a hearing before state district judge richard simonton in sidney . spell pleaded guilty in october to killing sherry arnold, 43, after attempting to abduct the popular maths teacher as she was jogging near her home in 2012 . arnold's body was found months later buried in a shallow grave in a rural area near williston, north dakota . co-defendant
ronnie carroll died two days after getting on the election ballot paper . due to stand as an independent, he was 80 and had contested elections before . he won 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by-election - despite campaigning for a record score of 0. mr carroll was on the statement of nominations as 'the eurovisionary carroll'
state education minister adrian piccoli has called the scheme 'unfair' eight year 11 students at scot's college gained 'direct entry' to the university after completing the program in 2014 . 166 students completed the hsc . tuition, sporting and curricula fees for scot's college reportedly top $30,000 . opposition leader luke foley is concerned over how this alternative would impact the hsc .
police in santa catarina, brazil, busted a drug gang's lair . the loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back . the picture of the line of gang members and their guard dog surrendering to police has since gone viral in brazil .
richard curry, 71, was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum . he was warned he would have to have his nose removed to stop cancer spreading . he had to have metal implants inserted into cheekbones and nasal cavity . mr curry has now been fitted with a prosthetic nose attached to his face .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran will be executed for their part in the 2005 bali nine heroin smuggling bid . the australian pair's last ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence was heard in jakarta's state administrative court on monday . the court decided against allowing the pair's lawyers to challenge indonesian president joko widodo's decision to deny them clemency . indonesia's attorney-general hm prasetyo said the pair would
scott sinclair is currently on loan at aston villa from manchester city . the winger can be bought for £2.5million in the summer . sinclair has scored three goals in 10 games for villa .
kevin dixon, 35, took friend's akita-type dog for a walk to help her out . he then hit the animal seven times with an axe - killing the animal . dixon was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering . he was given a suspended prison sentence and banned from keeping animals .
the nfl is investigating why 11 of the 12 game balls provided for the afc championship game were underinflated . the league hired attorney ted wells, who also investigated the miami dolphins bullying scandal . it's still not clear when the investigation will be completed and when the findings will be announced .
centre pompidou malaga, a pop-up version of the parisian institution, has opened . it is the first of several new galleries and museums planned outside france . the first overseas branch of st petersburg state russian museum has just opened in a refurbished tobacco factory .
wigan athletic have appointed gary caldwell as their new manager . caldwell will take charge for the first time against fulham on friday . malky mackay was relieved of his duties following defeat by derby .
reanne evans is aiming to qualify for the world championships . the 29-year-old has won 10 women's world titles . she faces former champion ken doherty in qualifying on thursday .
dimitri harrell, 21, 'shot samirria white, 19, at minnesota home on easter morning' he 'threatened gun after they started arguing over his 'infidelity', police said . carrying couple's three-month-old daughter, he 'shot miss white in face' now, harrell has been charged with second-degree murder at ramsey county court . if convicted, he faces up to 40 years in prison .
sir bruce forsyth said it could be 'more cruel to do nothing' than to let someone die . his first wife penny calvert was moved into a care home with dementia in 2008 . sir bruce visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year . he said: 'it's so awful to have your mind and memories taken away from you'
manchester united captain wayne rooney has been returned to his preferred position up front . the 29-year-old had previously been deployed in midfield this season . louis van gaal is set to unleash rooney on manchester city on sunday .
ulrike berger, 44, is barred from leaving country with daughter kaia, 7 . but it is believed the pair boarded a plane to germany on march 22 . the pair were last seen at berger's home in brooklyn on march 21 .
the collection, created by legendary make-up effects artist rick baker, will be auctioned off at the hilton universal city in los angeles . the collection is worth an estimated $746,100 and some of the individual items are expect to fetch more than $40,000 . during baker's 30-year career, the 64-year-old worked on other films like an american werewolf in london, planet of the apes, batman & robin, hellboy and mighty joe young .
chelsea beat qpr 1-0 at loftus road on sunday . cesc fabregas scored the winner with a low strike in the 88th minute . didier drogba said chelsea 'never gave up in the difficult moments'
noa nakaitaci scored two tries for clermont at the stade marcel michelin . nick abendanon scored a breakaway try for northampton . brock james continued to crank up the points with supreme goal-kicking .
louise van ryn has had her letterbox fire-bombed and received several threatening calls, a court heard . her husband maurice van ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences . he is now allowed to sell some of his assets to support his wife and pay off legal debts . the father of one of his victims has also been seen in her backyard .
barcelona threw away a two-goal lead away to sevilla . sevilla denied barcelona with a two-goal comeback . real madrid now just two points off the leaders in la liga . parma upended the odds and beat serie a leaders juventus 1-0 .
while the 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000, the only person who raised a paddle was a sotheby's employee trying to jump start the bidding . yankee hall of famer reggie jackson purchased the 10-feet-tall letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008 . jackson said he wanted 'a new generation to own and enjoy this icon of the yankees and of new york city'
raymond townsend, a manager at us limousine on long island, new york, was found liable for sexual harassment against his employee . geralyn ganci, now 32, refused townsend's requests for sex but kept a text from her boss saying that she lost her job because she 'refused to have sex with the general manager' townsend also sent her texts saying that he 'had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me' a judge has settled the final amount owed by us limousine
philip garrod, 43, was on his way to start a shift with the welsh ambulance service . he was caught by a police camera doing 105mph on his powerful suzuki motorbike . pleaded guilty and fined £650 with six points but began weaving a web of lies . judge ordered an adjournment to take various witness statements before making a decision on his driving ban .
nathan brown, 19, was working with his father david, an experienced electrician . pair were working at eurofabs uk ltd in rochdale, greater manchester . he was told to climb up a ladder onto the walkway of a crane . but he accidentally touched a 400-volt busbar powering a crane . shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block . he was airlifted to hospital but later died of his injuries .
jay rutland, 34, is married to the 30-year-old daughter of formula one boss bernie ecclestone . training consultant’s firm brigante business developments, based in battersea, south-west london, brought in just £3,378 over the 12 months to july 2014 .
marv the grey and white cat became stuck between two garages in bristol . the rspca were unable to coax him out and had to chisel through wall . firefighters spent half an hour chiselling a breezeblock free from wall . after revealing marv's tail and back legs an rspca officer pulled him free .
prime minister tony abbott skolled a schooner of beer at an australian rules function on saturday night . he was cheered on by a crowd of about 50 at the event . anti-drinking campaigners said he was glorifying binge drinking and associating being a man with drinking booze . julie robert said it was 'problematic' that mr abbott thought it acceptable to 'showcase his masculinity' by skolling a beer .
abby swinfield, 18, rushed to hospital after house party in tamworth, derbyshire . mother-of-one was placed in coma, but died a week later from organ failure . police have arrested a girl for supplying drugs, but cousin claims she didn't take it voluntarily, saying her drink was spiked .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . where money man vs pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend on what happens that coming night . here is the second of my 12 most significant fights in boxing’s history .
gordon jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called . he became unwell as media scrum gathered outside dunblane cathedral . murray was feet away from the photographer when he lost his balance . mr jack was taken to forth valley hospital, in larbert, near falkirk . he is understood to have died from complications following a heart attack .
genealogists have made an error in compiling hillary clinton’s family tree . hillary clinton could claim her path to the presidency began 160 years ago . but a definitive family tree has revealed her links to a poor mining community in the welsh valleys . ystradyfodwg, pronounced ust-rady-vod-ug, was the home of mrs clinton’s great grandmother .
a rescue operation is still underway for people who were on the ship from libya to europe . a bangladeshi survivor told investigators there were 950 people on board . two of the survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking upon arriving in sicily .
kim rose, 57, was questioned by police over allegations of bribing voters . he was never charged but was questioned over an alleged offence of 'treating' mr rose poked fun at allegations by taking in boxes of jaffa cakes for officers . but when he emerged 30 minutes later, he revealed officers had refused to accept treats, saying that would also constitute a bribe .
lauren hill, 19, is spending her final days helping to raise money for cancer research and has already accumulated over $1.5million . during her senior year of high school, lauren was diagnosed with dipg (diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma), a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent . hill still made it through a full season with mount st. joseph university in cincinnati while raising more than $1.5 million for others with her condition .
david and victoria beckham want to install air-con in five rooms at their new west london mansion . the couple bought the grade ii listed property for £31.5 million in cash in 2013 . the beckhams already have homes in california, france and dubai .
rangers' final-day clash with hearts has been moved back to may 2 . the scottish professional football league announced the move on wednesday . gers' tynecastle match will now be televised live on sky sports . hibernian completed their campaign at falkirk on saturday .
mark goodacre is a professor of new testament and christian origins at duke university . he says the gospel of mary magdalene is not called "the gospel of mary magdalene"
mohammad javad zarif is the iranian foreign minister . he has been john kerry's opposite number in securing a breakthrough in nuclear talks .
french mp guillaume garot has put forward 36 proposals for 'doggy bags' . the mp said the practice could save france up to €20 billion (£14 billion) a year . 1.3 billion tons of food is wasted globally each year, the equivalent of a third of food produced .
sir ian botham was tempted to bet on jimmy anderson breaking his record . anderson picked up one wicket on day three in antigua . moeen ali has been called up for the next test in grenada .
sebastiano quagliata and his wife, valbona lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of craig sytsma of livonia, michigan . sytsma, 46, was attacked by two cane corsos last july in metamora township, 45 miles northwest of detroit . the father-of-three was bitten some eight times by two hundred-pound cane corsos
england bowled st kitts out for 320 on the second day of their tour match . alastair cook and ian bell both retired out as england declared with a 320 lead . mark wood took his first wicket for england on the second day .
the third world happiness report was released by the united nations on april 23 . people who live in the happiest countries have longer life expectancies and more social support . switzerland took the top spot from denmark in 2015 .
new series of photographs of the late artist frida kahlo have been released as part of a new book . frida kahlo: the gisèle freund photographs portrays the artist at her most intimate . the pictures were taken by a german-born french photographer who had travelled to mexico in 1950 .
some 40 miles north of san antonio, stands a bedraggled, tin-sided building that hints at texas' past . kendalia halle was built more than 100 years ago by german immigrants, who through the latter half of the 19th century comprised more than 5 percent of the state's population . about 400 such halls still stand — many unused and decaying — but only two traditional texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis .
liverpool are making a rival push for manchester united target memphis depay . psv eindhoven have confirmed united have made enquiries for the winger . liverpool hope to convince depay that he would get more regular football with them .
tom o'carroll attended a hacked off rally in houses of parliament in february . he is a leading member of the notorious paedophile information exchange . pie was formed in 1974 to campaign for sex with children to be legalised . o'carroll was jailed in 1981 for ‘corrupting public morals’ .
ramiul sheikh, 50, was violently knocked to the ground after elephant attacked . he narrowly escaped being crushed to death by the five-ton mammal . footage was captured by frightened onlooker, sushovon das on tuesday .
carla suarez navarro beat andrea petkovic 6-3, 6-3 on thursday . the spaniard will play either serena williams or simona halep in the final . it's the eighth time that suarez navarro has reached a wta final .
aaron hernandez's defense team wraps up its witnesses in less than a day . dzhokhar tsarnaev faces the stiffest of penalties -- life in prison or the death penalty . tsarnaev is accused of detonating a bomb at the 2013 boston marathon .
james rodriguez is 'worth his weight in gold' according to marca . real madrid have won 80 per cent of their games when rodriguez is in . roberto mancini hopes to sign eight quality players at inter milan .
russell 'rusty' yates slammed his ex-wife's murder trial as 'cruelest thing he's ever witnessed' andrea yates drowned her children noah, 7, john, 5, paul, 3, luke, 2 and mary, 6 months, in their bathtub in 2001 . she was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison . but an appeals court granted her a retrial and in 2006 she was found not guilty by reason of insanity and
emily reay, 17, is a pupil at trinity school in carlisle, cumbria . she claims she has sported the same colour of hair for the last three years . but on her return to lessons she claims she was ordered to tone it down . now she has been told she is banned from lessons until she changes appearance . talented musician emily says her ginger hair is her trademark .
zoella, 25, has amassed a huge teen following on social media . jamie oliver's company has warned that young stars should be more aware . vloggers are being hijacked by 30-second adverts for junk food . some are for harmless products such as dolmio pasta sauce or hair dye . others are for haribo, coca-cola and an online gambling website .
william snyder, 34, has been charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering . his wife, kelley jo snyder, 34, was last seen alive on easter sunday . her body was found in a river near to where she lived with her husband . snyder has admitted moving the body from their home and also having fabricated a ransom note seeking $60,000 for her safe return .
a quarter of a million australians have no power after a "once in a decade" storm batters sydney and nearby areas . the emergency services have been slammed with 13,000 calls for help due to flooding .
the drawing shows a cloaked creature with long, spiky hands and pointy ears . it comes from a 14th-century manuscript known as the smithfield decretals . it’s not clear which character ‘yoda’ is meant to be in the biblical tale . british library curator julian harrison said it is simply a whimsical addition .
katia apalategui's mother lost her husband by clinging to his pillowcase . she was inspired to think of a more permanent way to capture a person's scent . the french insurance saleswoman hopes her product will provide 'olfactory comfort'
deborah fuller, 56, dragged her dog tango for 400 metres behind her car . rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws and chest . he escaped from the boot of her car and was dragged along single carriageway . fuller denied causing unnecessary suffering to an animal but was convicted . she has been banned from keeping animals and had 27 other dogs confiscated .
liverpool face aston villa in fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . reds striker daniel sturridge impersonated club legend michael owen . darren farley specialises in mimicking liverpool players past and present .
employee of pizza hut in alberta, canada, shared doctor's note on reddit . gp praises patient for 'sensibly staying home from work' . employee's friend posted the note on the social media site and it has been shared thousands of times .
dana vulin was set alight at her perth home on february 16, 2012 . she suffered third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body . natalie dimitrovska hurled a bottle of methylated spirits over her . she vowed to ruin her 'pretty little face' and set her ablaze . dimitrovska was sentenced to 17 years in jail on tuesday . ms vulin's lawyers will argue her sentence was too severe .
the u.s. leads the world in incarceration, not education, says julian zelizer . the u.s. is home to 25% of the world's prison population, zelizer says .
hein verbruggen has sent the circ report to swiss lawyers . the former head of international cycling is unhappy with the verdict . uci president brian cookson has called for verbruggen to resign .
george nagobads, 93, was visiting his wife velta's grave at the crystal lake cemetery in minneapolis on sunday when he was allegedly mugged by a teenager . he was released from the hospital on tuesday with 18 stitches in his head . nagobads, who is recovering at home, said on tuesday that he sped to a nearby hospital following the beating and suffered a slight concussion .
five-month-old baby was found dead at home in perry barr, birmingham . her father, 25, and mother, 25, were arrested by west midlands police . the child was taken to birmingham children's hospital but died hours later .
mohamed hamdin, 24, appeared at downing centre court charged with indecent assault . the sudanese refugee was charged after a violent brawl broke out during the australia day concert of yg and ty dolla $ign . police say hamdin and the girl were kissing and dancing at the enmore theatre, in sydney's inner-west, on australia day . hamdin will reappear at downing local court on april 28 .
'the idea that good work brings a good life no longer holds', says joanna biggs . 'repairing' includes a rabbi, an army major and a nurse . 'leading' is a company director, a stay-at-home mum and a hereditary lord .
10 people are sentenced to life in prison for their roles in the 2012 attack on malala yousafzai . the assailant's conviction and sentences follow a trial that included testimony from both sides .
everything that’s unpleasant about male behaviour is ascribed to testosterone . but as joe herbert explains, testosterone is at the heart of human life . the blood of an adult woman before menopause contains about five times more testosterone than oestrogen, the supposedly ‘female’ hormone .
timothy fradeneck, 38, was arraigned on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife christine fradeneck, 37, and their children, celeste fradeneck, 2, and timothy fradeneck iii (called trey) bodies of celeste fradeneck, 2, and timothy iii, 8, were found at the family's home in eastpointe, michigan, on monday . fradeneck told a judge wednesday that he wants to plead in
primatologists at iowa state university recorded 300 hunts by chimps in fongoli, sénégal . found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations . it may also provide tantalising hints at how humans first learned to use weapons to hunt .
james ritchie was voted into the job at the tasmanian university union with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago . the reaction to a male being offered the job caused huge opposition . mr ritchie felt his ability to be effective in the role was now diminished and that's the most fundamental thing . the university's student union has introduced a requirement that candidates sign a statutory declaration confirming they identify as female .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu slammed the iran nuclear deal . claims it threatens the jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger . prompted netanyahu to urge more pressure to be placed on iran . iran's nuclear program will be able to operate for the next 10 years .
'the president believes that to deny the existence of climate change is to deny an observable fact that is substantiated by science,' press secretary josh earnest said today . earnest's channeling of former vice president al gore, star of the 2006 global warming documentary an inconvenient truth, followed the president's gas-guzzling, 1,836 mile trip on wednesday, earth day, to the florida everglades .
alvaro arbeloa, asier illarramendi and nacho gave adidas a tour of real madrid's state-of-the-art training complex . real madrid's first-team stars have 24-hour access to the club's hq . gareth bale, cristiano ronaldo and james rodriguez have communal suites .
spartak moscow were sanctioned after their supporters displayed a racist banner . the russian football union rejected the club's appeal against sanctions . spartak were fined £2,500 and banned from their next two away games .
annual 'spring offensive' began today in afghanistan with 108 attacks . us air base near kabul and military outposts in nuristan were targeted . taliban claim responsibility for 108 attacks in the opening five hours .
star wars: rogue one, starring felicity jones, is slated for release in december 2016 . the film follows a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the death star plans and 'bring a new hope,' referring to the subtitle of the original 'star wars' .
churchill downs, which hosts the 141st running of the kentucky derby, has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees . other events such as the coachella and lollapalooza music festivals have also banned the photo aids . selfie sticks aren't allowed inside yankee stadium . some english premier league soccer teams make the devices off-limits, and the australian open tennis tournament discourages fans from using them court-side .
brad reynolds has made more than 66,000 tripadvisor contributions . the 38-year-old critiques every hotel, restaurant and landmark he visits . he has posted reviews from 394 cities and 46 countries on the website .
more than 140 pupils have been removed from their classes in washington . they could not prove they had required vaccinations, which includes measles . health officials have warned the country is in danger of a measles pandemic . they are keen to prevent a return to the outbreak of measles in 1989 . in february around 100 people were diagnosed with the virus in 15 states . last month officials in california confirmed 119 people had been diagnosed with measles after visiting disneyland in anaheim .
hearts captain danny wilson is a summer transfer target for celtic . the defender is out of contract at the end of the current season . ronny deila has confirmed the edinburgh club are considering a £400,000 offer .
cctv footage has captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk before she quickly grabs a box of anzac badges and money . the woman allegedly covers the box with her vest as she casually walks out the glass entrance door . the rsl general manager has posted the footage on social media in a bid to track down the woman .
marisa curlen, 20, a sophomore at james madison university in virginia was discovered dead in her dorm room friday . police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death, but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play . she became the third member of rye high school's 2013 graduating class to die in less than a year .
chelsea beat queens park rangers 1-0 at loftus road on sunday . the blues were targeted by objects thrown from the crowd . the fa will wait for referee andre marriner's report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control . qpr manager chris ramsey condemned the behaviour .
the records for robert bates include certificates showing what training he received, job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008 . although there are time gaps in the records, some of the records seem to indicate bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses . bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot eric harris on april 2 as he lay on the ground . he has been charged with second-degree mans
the $40 (£26) cloth cover is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines . unlike a cotton pillowcase, which sucks moisture from the skin, the wrinkle preventing pillowcase's special blend of 'hydrophobic fibres' keeps the complexion hydrated all night . the £40 anti-wrinkle beauty pillow is also said to banish face and chest wrinkles for sleepers who lie on their side .
video taken from the point of view of a train driver captures a ride on the highest railway in europe, the jungfrau . the 9km long electrified track leads from kleine scheidegg to jungraujoch and stands at an elevation of 2061m and 3454m respectively . opening in a tunnel built into a swiss mountain, the train careers towards the light and out onto the snowy slopes .
more than 70 hours of footage was filmed at lord nelson pub, east london . men were more likely to discuss relationship issues and sexual issues . one man openly talked about erectile dysfunction while dating a married woman . landlady kim arrowsmith said: 'there are a lot of things today that women won't put up with. that's why the males know that now they have to be more sensible'
rory mcilroy arm wrestled brad dalke, 17, at a junior event in south carolina . mcilroy was a guest at a junior event sponsored by nike . dalke will join oklahoma university in the autumn .
two trainee obstetricians have been removed from the $2 million fiona stanley hospital in southwest perth . the move was based on reshuffling junior medical faculty . the hospital went on 'baby bypass' when the maternity unit opened four months ago, due to an unexpectedly high number of women giving birth . the hospital was stripped of its medical service provider serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in february .
thames valley police called army bomb disposal team to boat in reading . startled passer-by reported seeing 4ft guided missile in a rocket launcher . perched next to the fake warhead were the head and shoulders of convincing-looking man, his eyes staring grimly from holes cut in a balaclava .
roland giroux massages his blood parrot cichlid with his finger . the fish swims away from the man's hand a few times in the video . mr giroux was forced to remove the other two fish when he noticed they were bullying his pet .
chelsea, the philanthropy's vice chair, said 'we will be even more transparent' in the wake of the allegations . chelsea is the daughter of former u.s. president bill clinton and presumptive democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton . the foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but insisted it wouldn't return money it has already collected . 'having raised tens of millions of dollars from foreign nations presents a clear conflict of interest for anyone running for president of the
the secluded settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas, but are each set in their own natural paradises . from tiny villages under boulders in portugal, to floating villages in peru, these dwellings are hidden away from the rest of the world .
the former president was in oklahoma city to speak at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people including 19 toddlers . clinton kicked off her campaign, which was launched last week, in iowa and will move on to new hampshire on monday . he said: 'for a whole country you burned away all the petty squabbles in which we engaged leaving only our basic humanity'
north sentinel island belongs to india and remains an enigma despite being populated for an estimated 60,000 years . very little is known about the sentinelese people, their language, their rituals and the island they call home . visitors who venture onto or too close to the island risk being attacked by members of a mysterious tribe who have rejected modern civilisation . the tribe killed two men who were fishing illegally in 2006 and have been known to fire arrows and fling rocks at low-flying planes or helicopters on reconnaissance missions .
william hilton paul, 22, was cited for a dui on sunday in lexington, kentucky . paul was driving a 2006 honda ridgeline at 11.24am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car . paul was treated at the university of kentucky hospital for minor injuries to his face . the 22-year-old student is scheduled to be arraigned in fayette district court on may 12 .
prince harry is taking part in exercises with royal australian artillery troops in darwin, northern territory . the 30-year-old took to the air in the royal australian air force’s tiger assault helicopter . prince harry is expected to hang up his fatigues at the end of the exercises in the northern territory .
modern technology is supposed to be making our lives easier . but adding a facebook page, an instagram profile and a smart phone often cause nightmare for men and women on dates . blu e-cigarettes have listed the top ten ways to avoid showing yourself up . they include leaving conversations about the dating app tinder to evenings with your friends, and checking with a potential boyfriend or girlfriend before changing your relationship on facebook .
the company is in talks with florence and the machine to give apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in june . beats music will be re-launched in coming months . there will be a $9.99-a-month subscription for individuals and a family plan for $14.99 .
uefa have confirmed their 'cash cycle' for next three years of european competition . last time celtic reached the champions league group stage they earned £12.6m . if they reach the last 16, the figures crash through the £20m barrier .
jill (duggar) dillard gave birth monday to a 9-pound, 10-ounce son . the baby was a bit tardy, going past his due date by more than a week .
dawn bainbridge led 'family business' stealing clothes from high street stores . the 47-year-old and her two daughters then sold them online through facebook . they took more than £7,000 in online payments in just four months . one daughter boasted of making £100 a week and dreamed of going it alone . judge at newcastle crown court jailed her for 30 months last year .
snp leader to unveil manifesto including proposals for british foreign policy . pledges include slashing tuition fees in england from £9,000 a year to £6,000 . also wants the uk to formally recognise palestine as a state . also wants energy regulator ofgem the power to force suppliers to cut prices .
angelika graswald, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of vincent viafore, 46 . viafore was kayaking with graswald on the hudson river april 19 when his vessel flipped over near the town of cornwall-on-hudson . viafore was not wearing a life jacket at the time and was unable to turn the capsized boat right-side up .
yaya toure's agent dimitri seluk has criticised manuel pellegrini . pellegrini has been linked with a move away from manchester city . seluk said that city are trying to make toure a scapegoat for problems .
a judge ruled that the boy must stay in the care of his local authority . details emerged about the ruling at a family court hearing in reading . the boy, who cannot be named, had to have 13 teeth taken out two years ago .
counterfeit drug gang jailed after raking in £10million by selling fake viagra . uk-wide conspiracy offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to unsuspecting customers around the world . judge charles wide qc described it as a 'highly organised, large-scale criminal enterprise'
judge jerry baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors . he gave a former teacher a 7 p.m. to 7 a.m. curfew at home for one year and a former testing coordinator six months of weekends in jail . the remaining eight received harsher sentences, ranging from one to seven years in jail .
shelly sterling has been awarded nearly all of the $3 million she had sought to be returned from v. stiviano . she had argued that the gifts were made when donald and shelly sterling were separated and that shelly sterling couldn't seek them from a third party . tuesday's ruling comes nearly a year after stiviano's recording of donald sterling making racially offensive remarks bounced him from the nba and cost him team ownership .
manny pacquiao faces floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 . kid kulafu charts pacquiao's rise from humble beginnings to boxing career . the film opened in philippine cinemas on wednesday and will be shown in selected cinemas in the us and canada later this month .
manchester city are rivalling manchester united and arsenal for defender dayot upamecano . the 16-year-old almost joined united in the january transfer window . monaco, inter milan and paris st germain had also expressed interest .
text message intended for george osborne's adviser sent to a newspaper . revealed plans for a 'tax free minimum wage' - but details are unclear . it is thought minimum wage earners would be exempt from income tax .
the note was left in the window of an undisclosed chip shop in london . owner laments that he has to go youth hosteling with his family . he ends the note by saying: 'i would rather be here with beer + tv'
al sharpton slams report claiming he was banner from walter scott's funeral . new york daily news claimed family wanted him gone to avoid 'circus' sharpton also announced he would head to south carolina to preach and attend vigil .
sheriff mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds . police were called to a kfc restaurant in northfield, birmingham, shortly after 5pm yesterday after reports of a stabbing . when officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop being tended to by customers . an 18-year-old man from birmingham has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody .
robert fidler, 66, built the mock-tudor castle in salfords, surrey, in 2002 . hid behind hay bales and used dozens of hay bales and blue tarpaulin . he used loophole that prevents enforcement action if no objections made . local authority immediately laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission . now after numerous court appearances costing tens of thousands, communities and local government secretary eric pickles has ruled the home must be pulled down within 90
dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges . his sentencing phase begins tuesday .
presenter nicky buckley received hate mail from viewers 'grossed out' by her appearance on tv during her pregnancy . the 49-year-old bucked preconceived notions of women in tv and continued to work to support her family . buckley's memoir, nicky buckley: a memoir, is out now .
torin lakeman, 19, and brother jacques, 20, died in manchester pub . torin bought mdma online from anonymous dealer with 'handle' stone island . torin's housemate ethan bradley said he bought drugs to 'have a good weekend' coroner alan walsh said he would be writing to theresa may over deaths . added that it was unacceptable that 'intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way'
javier hernandez has scored five goals in his last six games for real madrid . the 26-year-old has been restricted to just nine starts this season . manchester united agreed a deal worth around £15million last summer . real madrid must now take their chances with other suitors if they wish to sign him .
jake tapper will take over "state of the union" in june . he will remain the channel's chief washington correspondent .
ronnie o'sullivan beat craig steadman 10-3 in their first round match . the 39-year-old could face a small fine for breaching dress code . o'sullivan will face matthew stevens in the second round .
kate t. parker, from atlanta, georgia, was inspired to create her powerful series strong is the new pretty .
molly parks, 24, died on april 16 after she overdosed in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in manchester, new hampshire . her father, tom parks, knew that when police turned up on his doorstep, they were there about her . days later, he wrote an obituary announcing her death . 'she made a lot of bad decisions including experimenting with drugs,' it reads .
aston villa host qpr at white hart lane on tuesday night . tim sherwood has labelled it the club's 'biggest game' for years . villa are currently five points clear of the premier league drop zone . qpr are three points behind villa with a better goal difference .
stacey eden stood up for a muslim couple being abused on a sydney train . a bizarre fake fundraising page has been set up requesting donations for the 23-year-old . ms eden's furious stand against racism has spread around the world . her recording of the fiery incident went viral on thursday morning . the muslim couple's mosque in brisbane have graciously offered to pay for her to fly to the gold coast and tour the mosque for a day .
nile ranger joined blackpool on a one-year deal at the start of the season . the striker has not featured for the seasiders since the end of november . ranger has been awol since december and has spoken for the first time .
hbo shows such as poldark, vikings, outlander and game of thrones are dressing up their key actors in breeches, leather and chain metal . aidan turner is leading the way as captain ross poldark in the bbc's much talked-about sunday night offering .
wannabe singer kristina karo claims mila kunis 'stole her pet chicken' as a child . karo, now living in los angeles, claims she was a classmate of ms kunis, who moved to the u.s. from ukraine in 1991 . she claims a seven-year-old ms kunis was 'envious' of her pet hen, and that 25 years ago, she stole it from her . ms kunis
cubs fans were forced to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms at wrigley field on opening day . the cubs and wrigley field claimed the problem began when two bathrooms on the upper deck 'went down temporarily' 'i'm all for renovating, but i've now missed two innings trying to get into the bathroom,' said james hillebrand in a tweet .
lisa webb was shocked to find rôti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on the menu for her three-year-old daughter's lunch break . the former assistant elementary school principal, who moved to france in 2009, was used to eating in fancy restaurants with her husband . when offered the chance to sit in on her eldest daughter's lunch breaks for one week, she witnessed tots eating everything put in front of them .
zinedine zidane confident paris saint-germain can beat barcelona on tuesday . psg need three goals in the nou camp having lost 3-1 at home last week . psg welcome back zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti from suspension .
a red ute with p-plates quickly cuts into the lane to turn right at an intersection in melbourne . three young people got out of the ute to confront the driver at a traffic light . a woman pulled out a dagger and stabbed the car's bonnet before walking back to the ute .
researchers from cnrs-gate in lyon and the university of california, analysed the behaviour of both sexes when the study participants were asked to choose between being paid on their individual performance or as part of a team . they found that male 5,000 metre runners are more competitive than women . sportswomen tend to be more committed to aspects of their lives outside sport - such as their academic studies - than their male counterparts .
audience cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration . when ukip leader nigel farage interjected and said they were prejudiced, the audience only booed him further .
nbc sketch show parodied daytime cnn newsroom, which turned into let-downs when there was no footage for stories they were covering . but producers managed to cover up with abysmal animations to illustrate the germanwings crash, u.s.-iran diplomacy, and domestic politics .
andy murray marries kim sears in his hometown of dunblane on saturday . murray and sears met when the pair were teenagers during the us open in 2005 . the couple got back together in 2010 following a brief split .
liverpool host newcastle at anfield on monday night . work on the main stand will be completed by the start of the 2016-17 season . the new main stand will be able to seat 21,000 spectators .
indiana's religious freedom law has been in hot water lately . gov. mike pence said the law will "fix" so it won't discriminate against lgbts .
oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in the 161st men's boat race . the dark blues rowed the same stretch of the river thames in london as the men for the first time in 87 years . oxford's women breezed past cambridge on their historic first battle on the tideway course . their male counterparts made it a dark blue double with victory by six-and-a-half lengths .
steve miller is an advocate of constructive fat shaming and believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population . his demands include obesity wardens in the street and fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants . steve claims these interventions could save the country and the nhs millions .
slovenian archaeologist ivan  ⁇ prajc has found the lost city of lagunita . the city was once the gateway to an ancient mayan city, built circa 700 ad .  ⁇ prajc has been the first to see ancient pyramids that he spotted in aerial photographs .
number of firearm licence holders in new south wales has increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years . currently, a total of 215,462 licences exist compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010 . tamworth, 403km north of sydney, revealed to have the most number of firearm licences - 3259 . bathurst, 200km west of sydney, a close second at 3075 .
anna ragin, 65, was found dead in a house in the richmond area of san francisco . the property is said to have been crawling with rats, black widow spiders, dog feces and 300 bottles of urine . neighbors said the mother had not been seen for years . another man, archibald ragin, lived at the property but died 15 years ago at the age of 101 .
tiger woods has returned to action following a 60-day hiatus from golf . the american only confirmed on friday that he would compete at augusta . woods has not won a major since the us open in 2008 .
david nellist, 38, was foiled after a neighbour heard the spaniel cross . nellist was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months . banned from keeping animals for five years and ordered to pay £1,580 .
kevone charleston is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies . he was shot and wounded by fbi agents as he pulled into a cvs pharmacy .
salford city clinched the evo-stik league first division north title on 92 points . darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with warrington town, meaning the manchester-based club won the title without having to kick a ball . gary and phil neville, ryan giggs, nicky butt and paul scholes were in attendance for salford's last home match against clitheroe town .
former first minister mocked labour after it slapped down its scottish leader . jim murphy claimed he would write the party's budget north of the border . he also joked that he would 'check his top pocket' - a reference to a tory poster showing a miniature mr miliband in his breast pocket .
the fbi say they recovered one of the gold bars stolen in a $5 million armored truck robbery in north carolina last month . investigators say the location the bar was found - somewhere in south florida - has provided them with a big break in the case . the highway heist occurred on march 1 in wilson county, north carolina, almost halfway into the truck's journey from miami to boston . police previously said they suspected it was an inside job because one of the guards on board 'felt sick
carl froch has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may . he had hoped to meet julio cesar chavez jr, but lost to andrzej fonfara . froch needs to fight again in 2015 if he is to ever return to the ring . i think he needs to fight again in 2015 if he is to ever return .
wladimir klitschko takes on bryant jennings in new york on saturday . klitschko has won the title 17 times in a row since 2006 . the ukrainian has a 63-3-0 record heading into the fight .
sutherland council is exploring idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach . locations include cronulla beach and wanda beach, both in southern sydney . the motion was proposed by councillor steve simpson due to the economic boost backpackers bring to the area . many locals have already had a mostly negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets .
no man's land fort is one of three forts guarding the entrance to the solent, just off the coast of the isle of wight . the victorian sea fort has been transformed into a luxury impregnable haven complete with a rooftop hot tub, shops and even its own nightclub . the luxury hotel can sleep 44 guests with a capacity of 200 for parties and events .
tony orrell, 56, from feltham, middlesex, lost 21st in three years . weighed 38st and his wife debbie, 56, was 18st and size xxxxxxxxl . at his largest tony would avoid sitting in certain chairs in fear of breaking them or being unable to get back up . tony was made redundant from his full-time job in the bank in 1997 .
the ashbrittle yew is in the churchyard of st john the baptist, somerset . its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off - possible due to disease . locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves .
liberty baker, 14, was walking to school when robert blackwell, 19, crashed . he smoked cannabis the day before the crash and was texting at the wheel . blackwell, 19, was jailed for four years at oxford crown court yesterday . his mother maureen, 45, had 'dark thoughts' about returning to the scene . her husband said: 'if it was not for our son finley, i honestly believe that maureen would not be here now'
governor mary fallin signed into law a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death, giving oklahoma four ways to enact its death penalty . method involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner's body to die from lack of oxygen . it has been touted as 'foolproof' by supporters, in the wake of the embarrassingly botched lethal injections . executions in the state are currently on hold while the supreme court ponders whether the three-drug mix is constitutional .
bradley johnson scored twice as norwich maintained their automatic promotion hopes with a 2-0 win over sheffield wednesday at carrow road . the midfielder netted his 12th and 13th goals of the season as norwich moved into the top two for the first time since october . alex neil's side had an early shout for a penalty waved away when tom lees appeared to bundle over cameron jerome .
sofia abramovich is the daughter of chelsea owner roman and second wife irina . the 18-year-old has been bullied on instagram about her appearance and weight . but now she has hit back saying she is going to turn the criticism into positivity .
atletico madrid are in talks to sign palermo's paulo dybala, according to reports in spain . juventus, roma, inter milan and paris saint-germain are all interested . real madrid coach carlo ancelotti has upset isco by demanding that he rediscover the 'defensive intensity' that made him an 'undisputed starter' .
tyler grant, a junior at the university of texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as 'they,' 'them', or 'their' instead of 'he,' or 'she,' and sometimes wears women's clothing . video footage posted to twitter from early on sunday morning shows a restaurant manager telling grant not to enter the fast food restaurant because grant was dressed in 'inappropriate attire' grant believes the restaurant was discriminatory because of grant's gender identity .
aeman presley, 34, 'killed four people in atlanta, dekalb county and decatur' he 'came upon calvin gholston, 53, sleeping outdoors and shot dorian jenkins, 42, while he slept on the sidewalk in november' presley had taken a greyhound bus from los angeles to atlanta 'hoping to rejuvenate his beleaguered acting career'
sarah grimes sued kristen saban, the daughter of university of alabama football coach nick saban, in 2012 over a fight they had while attending college in 2010 . grimes said she suffered lasting injuries, including a concussion, after the brawl . the two women came to blows at kristen saban's apartment after saban's daughter posted 'no one likes sarah yayyyy!' on facebook . grimes
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid thrashed granada 9-1 . ronaldo has now scored 299 goals in 287 matches for real madrid . atletico madrid have scored 18 goals in 12 matches against ronaldo's side .
carwyn scott-howell was on holiday with mother ceri, nine, and brother gerwyn, 19 . he became separated from mother and headed into dense woodland . he fell over 164ft drop and was found by police with footprints . family say he 'made life full of laughter with never a dull moment'
deputy prime minister insists he will fight for his job 'in all circumstances' comes as vince cable says he hopes to be made chancellor if lib dems form another coalition with the conservatives .
nick scholfield lined up to ride spring heeled in grand national . sam winner was pulled up in the cheltenham gold cup . spring heeled won fulke walwyn kim muir challenge cup at cheltenham .
francis bakvis found a dead scrub python in the yard of his home in clifton beach, northern queensland . the snake was 3.5 metres long and contained the remains of his family cat tiger . bakvis believes the python struggled to swallow the cat and died as a result .
matej vydra scores stunning volley to put watford into the lead . aiden o'brien had a penalty shout turned down by millwall keeper david forde . adlene guedioura doubled watford's advantage shortly after the break .
bogan shire council wants to erect a 'big bogan' statue in the town of nyngan . the 3.6-metre statue would show a 'bloke' wearing shorts, thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox . the term 'bogan' has a number of negative connotations for australians but has become a character part of popular folklore . graeme burke is the manager of engineering services for the council .
officer jeffrey swett was allegedly run over by william bogard in january . swett suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma . bogard has pleaded not guilty and faces 19 years to life in prison .
malawian police ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos . tanzania's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts . 15 people with albinism have been killed, wounded, abducted or kidnapped in east africa in the past six months . body parts of those with albinism are prized in black magic and witchcraft .
boy met hero r2d2 at star wars celebration convention in anaheim, california . the pair began spinning around each other in circles along a corridor . r2d2 followed the child as he turned on his wheels and paused . he is then heard giggling loudly and uncontrollably as other children watch . the boy was dressed in a star wars t-shirt and had merchandise fixed to his wheelchair to promote the new film, the force awakens .
atif saeed, 38, from lahore, pakistan, spotted the hungry lion in the distance . armed only with a camera, he fired off a few frames before retreating . the clicking sound of the camera's shutter alerted the lion to mr saeed's presence .
kim sei-young has established a three-shot lead in the ana inspiration . the south korean shot a three-under-par round of 69 on saturday . world no 1 lydia ko shot her second consecutive over-par score .
san antonio spurs beat golden state warriors 107-92 on sunday . kawhi leonard matched his career best with 26 points and seven steals . san antonio also extended their home winning streak over golden state to 32 straight .
federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names, numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies . the post claims to reveal the information of fbi director james comey and dhs director charles johnson, in addition to previous directors . the department of homeland security confirmed the leak but would not elaborate on who was affected or how many addresses had been leaked .
former bbc economics editor broke silence over fling with ed miliband . described it as 'fleeting and very costly' in a brief message on twitter . it was unclear whether miss flanders was voicing regret over relationship . she accused the media of 'raking over' mr miliband's past in run-up to election .
dzhokhar tsarnaev is found guilty of all 30 counts in the boston marathon bombing trial . he is eligible for the death penalty . jurors will be asked to weigh aggravating factors against mitigating factors .
queen margrethe turned 75 on wednesday . she was joined on the balcony by her sons, crown prince frederik, 46, and prince joachim, 45 . the danish royals welcomed royals from all corners of europe to fredensborg castle for a gala banquet followed by a magnificent fireworks display .
lexy wood, 13, disrupted a screening of cinderella in bessemer, alabama . she and her step-sister were said to be 'rude and obnoxious' throughout film . her mother rebecca boyd, 36, reached out on social media to find the woman and apologized to her for her daughter's behavior . boyd said that the apology 'reminded me that there are still good people in the world'
lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs . this means our bodies overreact when we come into contact with bugs . study bolsters theory that obsession with hygiene has driven boom in allergies and health problems .
sergi barjuan replaces juan ignacio martinez, who was fired on sunday . barjuan spent nine years at barcelona as a defender and played in two world cups for spain . almeria are in the relegation zone after failing to win in seven straight matches .
major general allen batschelet says that 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the army are currently refused because they are too heavy . batschelet warns that as many as half of young americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers . the maximum body fat percentage that the army allows for recruits aged 17-20 is 20 percent for men and 30 percent for females .
chloe knapton, 21, was driving home from a night out when she was attacked . a man smashed down her car window with a bottle, causing the glass to shatter . the impact caused the broken glass to become embedded in her neck . ms knapton was left with deep wounds to her shoulder, neck, nose and mouth . she was rushed to leeds general infirmary where she underwent surgery . her family have released shocking photos which show extent of her injuries .
the 50-foot whale was still on the pacifica state beach on wednesday after washing up on the sand the week before . beachgoers took photos of where 'east bay rats motorcycle club' was on the whale . the name was erased by wednesday's high tide .
suzy howlett, 54, specialises in teaching foreign-born children english . she has embarrassed husband and wife team derek tanswell and sharon snook . in one section they promise ukip will 'take back control of our boarders' so the teacher wrote in red: 'i think you mean borders, not residents of a school or guest house'
scientists in the netherlands were using the lofar radio telescope . they found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays . a storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres . the method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds .
jeremy clarkson will not host have i got news for you later this month . he was due to record the show on april 23 to be broadcast the following day . it would have been his first appearance for the bbc since being dismissed . hat trick producers expect him to return to the show later in the year .
kevin carr, 34, from devon, ran more than a marathon a day every day . he crossed 26 countries and got through 16 pairs of shoes . mr carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and returned yesterday . he beat the previous record by a day, held by australian tom denniss .
yahya rashid, 19, was detained at luton airport on tuesday after he arrived on a flight from istanbul . he's been charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism .
radamel falcao joined manchester united on a season-long loan last summer . the colombian has struggled to reach the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury . nabil dirar believes falcao must be regretting his loan move to old trafford .
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates stadium on sunday . jose mourinho has hit out at the gunners, branding their 11-year wait for the premier league title as 'boring' didier drogba posted a picture on instagram of john terry, cesc fabregas, eden hazard, cesc fabregas and branislav ivanovic .
thorpe park has launched the world's first i'm a celebrity themed maze . the attraction has been visited by angela griffin and tamzin outhwaite . there are gold stars to be won, quizzes with slimey punishments and 56 mph wind to face .
some suspects had contact with al qaeda leader osama bin laden, ansa reports . wiretaps and other intelligence reveal al qaeda planned attacks in afghanistan, pakistan and italy .
kevin bollaert, 28, was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion . jilted lovers and hackers could anonymously post nude photos of people without their consent, along with personal information about them, at a website bollaert created and moderated . more than 10,000 images, mainly of women, were posted between december 2012 and september 2013 . bollaert earned about $900 a month in website ad revenue and collected about $30,000 from victims .
weinstein was killed in an anti-terror strike in january, the white house says . al qaeda kidnapped weinstein in 2011 and then paid money to his captors, a source says .
wedding season is fast approaching and for brides on a budget, there's plenty of ways to save thousands of pounds . from scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills, femail has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be .
sergio aguero and manchester city travel to old trafford on sunday . the two sides meet in the premier league at old trafford . sportsmail looks at everything local between the two sides .
british company swan has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron, for £279.99 . but does it really make things easier? tessa cunningham finds out .
ganjendra singh, 41, hanged himself in delhi during protest over land rights . he told onlookers he could no longer afford to feed his three children . protests were organised by members of the aam aadmi political party . they came in for harsh criticism after the protests were allowed to continue .
macau comprises a peninsula and two islands – taipa and coloane . it was run by portugal until 1999 when it became a special administrative region of china . the city has 26 casinos, including the largest in the world, the venetian .
jennifer bush, now 27, spoke out for the first time since her mother kathy bush was accused of deliberately making her daughter ill for attention . kathy's lawyer blames the investigation on menchausen syndrome by proxy - a syndrome that had grown in notoriety at the time of his client's arrest . jennifer spent the first years of her life in and out of hospitals as doctors struggled to find a solution to her near chronic illness .
john carver has called for unity at newcastle after a divisive season . newcastle lost 3-1 at home to tottenham in the premier league on saturday . fans boycotted the match in protest at mike ashley's lack of ambition . ashleyout.com are encouraging supporters to 'stand up to ashley' when swansea visit st james' park on saturday .
arsenal host burnley at turf moor in the premier league on saturday . arsene wenger's side have won seven straight games since february 7 . the gunners have a chance to match manchester city's record of seven wins in a row this season when they take on burnley .
rudy gestede opened the scoring for blackburn in the 78th minute . jordan rhodes came on as a substitute to make sure of victory . gestede scored a hat-trick in the 78th minute before rhodes scored 19 .
baylie, a labrador, lost a stone and a half on a raw food diet . he learned where the doggy biscuit tin was and was even caught pilfering it . his owners, margaret and patrick evans, say he's now 'a different dog' .
the oceans are so little-explored billionaires are queuing up to buy vessels that give them a glimpse of the dramatic seascapes and incredible wildlife . migaloo is a two-storey owner's suite with eight vip suites, while the migaloo can be both a yacht and a submarine . the orcasub takes you 2,000 feet below the surface in two pressurised perspex viewing domes .
former made in chelsea star has joined forces with peta . campaign directed at harvey nichols after it abandoned fur policy . 'harvey nichols: here's the rest of your fur coat,' the slogan reads .
scientists from the university of maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel stimulated the growth of lactobacillus casei and lactobacillus rhamnosus . by increasing the amount of good bacteria, the flour was able to reduce the amount of a dangerous bacterium, enterohaemorrhagic e.coli .
row started in 1980 when neighbour's vegetable patch withered and died . audrey alexander, 54, bought house and asked neighbour to trim hedge . she claims hedge knocked £20,000 off the value of her house in scotland . stirling council has finally ruled hedge can stay, but has to be cut to 20ft .
dr nadeem azeez, 52, thought to be in pakistan after teacher died . charged with manslaughter by gross negligence along with dr errol cornish . maidstone and tunbridge wells nhs trust is also accused of corporate manslaughter . first time health trust has been charged with offence since 2008 .
charlotte s, gisela s and gisela s served as ss guards at auschwitz and ravensbrück . but only three have been investigated by prosecutors in germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder . a crushing blow to millions of jews murdered at nazi death camps across europe, they are all too ill or infirm to ever be punished .
bradford brewing company owner matthew halliday has seen spike in sales . he said throngs of people have turned up at brewery's brewfactory bar . spat started after respect party candidate for bradford west took offence . brewer reminded politician he was no longer mp for area after parliament was dissolved last monday .
lavall hall, 25, was shot dead by miami gardens police officer eddie trimino . the schizophrenic had been released from a mental hospital just one week before the shooting on february 15 . his family have now filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the city of miami gardens and the two police officers .
people who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher . means an extra £2,100 a year to anyone who has kept marriage intact . one in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts .
sam barton, 22, has had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like joey essex . he believes culprits tracked him down on facebook and then attacked him . sam was egged on easter monday by a group of men who threw eggs from a car . he said: 'there was shell in my hair and yolk dripping down my face'
ian pettigrew, 46, from ontario, canada, was working on his book of portraits, just breathe: adults with cystic fibrosis, when he realized he had far more female subjects than male . he was inspired to start his second project, salty girls, starring 56 adult women with the life-threatening disorder . mr pettigrew wrote that the upcoming book is 'dedicated to showing how beautiful those fighting cf truly are'
a man smacked a wolf spider as it scuttled across his kitchen floor . he got the shock of his life when he cracked the hairy beast with a broom . after smashing the female spider a few times with the broom hundreds of baby spiders came crawling out of the mother .
ad for protein world diet supplements features a svelte bikini-clad model . the company is facing a massive backlash over its 'body shaming' campaign . 'body shaming' campaign has seen many of its posters defaced with feminist slogans .
the duchess of cambridge is extremely close to her sister pippa middleton . the 31-year-old has recently returned to london after spending time with boyfriend nico jackson in geneva . miss middleton is a regular visitor to kensington palace and anmer hall . she was part of the party that holidayed with william, kate and george in mustique in january .
aston villa face liverpool in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . christian benteke will face liverpool defender martin skrtel . raheem sterling will be up against ron vlaar and nathan baker .
gregory margolin, 87, was a 16-year-old jewish recruit in the soviet red army . he fought in world war ii, and his family fled to ukraine . this year, he found himself again surrounded by war .
all of the 36 units at the redlands house sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment which has been labelled an 'eyesore' by local residents . but the local council defended the colour scheme, claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home . one pensioner, graham white, 76, said residents think the property looks 'more like a children's playscheme than sheltered accommodation' .
ethical maldives alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott 'high risk' resorts linked to human rights abuses . the alliance has crafted a list of over 100 well-known hotels . those to be avoided are labelled red, those coded as green are considered to be 'low risk' and orange hued businesses are 'under consideration'
petite pistol was created by artist paul erard in swiss city of la chaux-de-fonds . measures just two inches long and fires bullets just 2.34mm in diameter . holds guinness world record for smallest working revolver in the world . bullets designed specifically for gun also appear in guinness book as tiniest live ammunition ever created .
mötley crüe's vince neil butchered "the star-spangled banner" before a las vegas game . whitney houston set the modern standard for the national anthem at super bowl xxv . there's nothing quite like getting the presidential thumbs down .
kim rose is running for nigel farage's party in southampton itchen . electoral commission rules food and entertainment cannot be provided by parliamentary candidates if provision is intended to influence votes . mr rose, 57, branded police involvement as 'absolutely ridiculous' .
dr heinz-jakob neusser revealed that the westfalia camper will be reborn as an electric vehicle . battery packs will be hidden under the floor and a small electric motor will drive its front wheels . a concept is expected to be revealed in two to five years’ time .
deputy michael hubbard from the spartanburg county sheriff's office is seen approaching the woman sitting on the overpass on the i-26 on monday . she turns to him and says: 'just looking for my way out and being at peace' hubbard then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop . she struggles and tries to resist, but the officer says: 'give me your hands, you're not going out like this today' .
abigail ahern has released a style bible, aptly named colour, out now . the best-selling designer says colour can excite, tantalise and calm . ahern recommends ditching the beige, stop procrastinating and be bold .
kevin de bruyne is wanted by a host of clubs but no deal has been agreed . belgian midfielder has been linked with manchester city and bayern munich . de bruyne has established himself as one of the best players in the bundesliga .
sally kohn: obesity is becoming a national security issue . kohn: recruiters are becoming fitness coaches .
bettina liano is being pursued for $126,594 in taxes withheld between march and december 2012 . the denim designer relaunched her label last year as by bettina liano after going into liquidation in 2013 . liano is the sister of real housewives of melbourne star gina .
erica ann ginneti, 35, a married mother of three from philadelphia, pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor . the former math and calculus teacher had been facing seven to 14 years in prison, but on friday judge garrett page sentenced her to 3-23 months . she also faces three years’ probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years .
eden hazard, diego costa, john terry, gary cahill, nemanja matic and branislav ivanovic feature in pfa premier league team of the year . hazard named pfa player of the year after becoming poster-boy for chelsea's push for first premier league title since 2010 . liverpool captain steven gerrard has eight to his name, but missed out on a ninth in his final season .
a firm linked to the sale of nhs patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head . it has also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress, hair loss, dandruff, impotence and snoring . even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale .
zayn malik has been accused of cheating on his fiance perrie edwards . the couple have jetted off on what was thought to be a make or break holiday . swedish model martina olsson claimed that she had slept with zayn while he was holidaying in thailand recently . zayn and perrie have enjoyed a huge amount of fame . like cheryl and ashley their union has been dogged with cheating allegations .
the us-based barrick gold reached the out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the us . one of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern enga province when she was raped in 2010 . she and her classmates had made string bags for police officers who had been moved into the area to increase security around the porgera gold mine .
more than 7million front lawns in britain have now been paved over . royal horticultural society is calling for people to plant trees, shrubs and flowers to attract wildlife and reduce urban temperatures . a survey of 2,000 people found 95 per cent thought being in a beautiful garden lifted their mood .
a judge orders v. stiviano to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts from donald sterling . rochelle "shelly" sterling sued v. stiviano for targeting wealthy older men . she said donald sterling bought her a ferrari, bentleys and a range rover .
moha el ouriachi is set to sign for stoke city, according to his agent . the 19-year-old barcelona b winger has already signed bojan krkic and marc muniesa from barcelona in the last two years . stoke have agreed to pay the necessary training compensation .
green manual urges activists to appear 'level headed' and 'agreeable' also provides stock answers to ease voters' concerns over radical plans . party's membership has surged to more than 50,000, outnumbering lib dems . but surge in support was hit by disastrous media appearances from leader .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday . ander herrera scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute . louis van gaal kissed herrera at the interval after the goal .
syrian-born 48-year-old lured to street on pretence of providing building quote . when imam arrived, killer got into rear seat of his volkswagen passat and shot him . murder bears all the hallmarks of a professional assassination . gunman thought to have used silencer and it took place away from cctv .
constable's masterpiece beaching a boat, brighton, was looted by nazis . tate britain chiefs believe chance discovery of 1946 export permit will bolster claim that the 1824 oil painting was legitimately brought to britain . document bears signature of dealer and seeks permission for transfer of artworks from budapest to zurich .
elite troops were called in from nairobi to garissa, 225miles from the capital . but soldiers did not arrive until just before 2pm, according to local media . government representatives have defended the long response time . one of the four gunmen responsible has been identified as a lawyer son .
sarah wilson, 41, opened up in a candid interview about her battle with mental illness . the journalist and author of the best-selling book i quit sugar spoke about how anxiety drove her to believe her life wasn't worth living . ms wilson revealed mounting stress, anxiety, her thyroid disease and distant family drove her to believe her life wasn't worth living . 'i couldn't see a light at the end of the tunnel,' she said .
justus howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in zion, illinois, on saturday afternoon . the teenager, who had moved to the area from wisconsin in february, was pronounced dead at the scene . it is not known if an officer has been suspended while the shooting is investigated .
clem schultz was miraculously reunited with his dog missy on saturday after a deadly tornado hit illinois on thursday and killed his wife geraldine . schultz thought his dog suffered the same fate as his partner but after missy was spotted by a coned worker, police called schultz and reported the sighting . when missy first disappeared the family created a facebook page called, 'the search for missy'
david templeton spoke out about former managers ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall . rangers boss stuart mccall has delivered a sharp rebuke to templeton . templeton claimed mccall introduced a brand of coaching and tactical preparation which had been lacking under the previous management .
bbc still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff . several media personalities were investigated following operation yewtree . the probe also exposed abuse by paedophile dj savile, who sexually assaulted staff and patients aged between 5 and 75 over several decades . the 72-year-old said most of his colleagues in the industry were 'just working hard' and 'having a good time' .
arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide . the process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at the general electric labs in schenectady, new york . since 2007, cap has put about $1 million toward research happening in other states to increase the supply of water in the colorado river system . cia chiefs fear hostile nations are trying to manipulate the world's weather, a conference heard in february .
michelle obama's office says the first lady chose what's being called 'kailua blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow used on more recent state services . pickard, america's oldest fine china company, has been in business since 1893 .
paul gambaccini has blasted the bbc for destroying the top 40 show . he blamed the presenters' obsession with discussing pop stars' sex appeal . the 66-year-old said: 'it is no wonder the chart show is a complete failure'
tim sherwood and chris ramsey went head to head at villa park on tuesday . adrenaline, action, twists and turns as they went head to head . sherwood and ramsey's relationship was forged over four years at tottenham . harry kane, ryan mason and nabil bentaleb are part of their spurs legacy .
a new infographic from made.com shows how to change the layout of your bedroom . sleep experts recommend you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out . you should also dim your light three hours before bedtime and stop using gadgets and hour before you hit the sack .
first class constable daniel jamieson is accused of leaking confidential information about ben cousins' arrest to his girlfriend . channel 7 reporter monique dirksz got the scoop when she was the only reporter outside freemantle police station at 2am on march 12 . cousins was arrested on march 11 over an alleged low-speed chase from bicton to mosman park, in perth . the 29-year-old was stood down immediately and has been charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets between march 11 and 17 .
ben jones-bishop scored a spectacular solo try for salford . the red devils ended a run of 17 defeats in a row by wigan . both sides ended the match with 12 men as tempers flared .
tommy thompson, 62, and girlfriend alison antekeier, 42, have both admitted contempt of court in columbus, ohio . thompson led an excursion to the vessel, known as the ship of gold, which sank in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold . around 400 people drowned in the 19th-century shipwreck . he was accused of cheating his 161 investors, who paid $12.7 million to find the ship, out of the proceeds .
a goanna has been filmed swallowing a rabbit in under one minute . the two-metre long reptile balances at the top of a towering power pole . goannas can unhinge their lower jaws when feeding, allowing them to dispose of over-sized prey .
rangers face hibs in the final week of the championship season . rangers are level on points but have two games to play against hearts . dumbarton have faced hibs and cowdenbeath this season .
manchester city have told jason denayer they want him to spend next season on loan in the championship . the belgian defender has been in impressive form for celtic . ronny deila could lose both of his centre-halves before the champions league qualifiers begin in july . celtic striker john guidetti will discover on thursday if he is to be punished for singing an allegedly ‘offensive’ song about the demise of old firm rivals rangers .
andy murray will marry long-term girlfriend kim sears in dunblane on saturday . the pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 us open . murray will forego a traditional honeymoon to fly to barcelona after nuptials .
dj neil fox, 53, denies nine counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent . alleged offences took place between 1991 and 2014 at capital radio's leicester square studios . fox, known as dr fox, also allegedly assaulted two girls under 16 at a motor show in bromley, south east london .
nicholas james langan, 24, from townsville, was arrested on january 27 at a beach in canggu, north of kuta, for smoking a marijuana joint . police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams . an indonesian prosecutor has finalised the charges against langan . hanung pekik hermantoro, 25, a driver for the green room villas where the queensland painter was staying, was also arrested .
jamie richardson, 38, from west sussex and daniel taylor, 37, from worthing, west sussex, both pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a bermuda court . the two holidaymakers could also face a four-month jail term . richardson allegedly threw peanuts and a pound coin at cabin crew . taylor was accused of hitting himself on the head with clenched fists .
serial killer ronald jebson died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago . he was responsible for the 'babes in the woods' murders in 1970 . his final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died .
jason robinson admits he was a heavy drinker during his early days at wigan . the 40-year-old was arrested for affray, assault and criminal damage . robinson credits team-mate va'aiga tuigamala with turning things around .
raheem sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at liverpool . the 20-year-old has put off contract talks with the reds until the summer . sterling's stance appears to have damaged his relationship with liverpool supporters .
manchester city host united in the premier league on sunday . city have won the last four meetings between the sides . here sportsmail assesses ten key questions and tries to provide answers .
the red lady's remains were found in the el mirón cave in cantabria, spain . radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago . when the remains were first uncovered they were stained with a sparking red material, later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal . this suggests she was aged between 35 and 40 when she was entombed . her grave provides the first evidence of an ancient magdalenian burial in the region .
called the michigan micro mote, to tiny technology is a complete computer system . michigan micro mote contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light, including indoor rooms with no natural sunlight .
lexi thompson, 20, will appear topless on the front of golf digest . the lpga player will use only a towel to cover her torso . she appeared in the women's u.s. open when she was just 12 .
tim krul waited in the tunnel for sunderland striker jermain defoe at half-time . krul smiled and exchanged a fist pump with defoe shortly after . sportsmail's jamie carragher criticised krul for his half-time actions .
iran has banned citizens from travelling to saudi arabia's holy sites . decision comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers . saudi arabia has led the bombing campaign against yemeni shiite rebels .
ricky dearman was branded leader of london satanic cult who trafficked of children into uk to be tortured and killed on video . scotland yard investigated 'baseless' claims but found they had been made by his children after they were tortured by their mother and her partner . police are hunting for ella draper and abraham christie, who may have fled abroad . mr dearman now hopes to win custody of his children, who are eight and nine and currently in care .
qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the usa in the executive committee ballot . mos analysis suggests that qatar spent an astonishing £17.2 billion directly and indirectly on the way to victory . there were also millions of pounds of cash payments made to a huge range of football officials from secret slush funds controlled by mohammed bin hammam .
margaret and gary mazan had 14 red setters seized by rspca inspectors . the animals were found in the 'worst conditions ever seen' in a garden shed . mrs mazan, 53, chose not to give evidence at bradford magistrates' court . she was jailed for 26 weeks and given a lifetime ban from owning pets .
the 918 spyder rockets down a dead-straight stretch of unrestricted road . it was driven by professional race car driver craig baird . the $900,000 vehicle is driven by a petrol-electric hybrid system .
mark selby beats elliot slessor 5-1 at the china open in beijing . john higgins had a single break over 50 as he beat graeme dott 5-2 . ding junhui had two breaks of 86 as he beat mark davis 5-1 .
becky cooper and bridget yorston - aka bec and bridge - unveiled new swimwear line at mercedes-benz fashion week australia . 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by seventies model veruschka and the 1970s period in marrakech . animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection .
erik de vries, 24, and josephine egberts, 22, were separated back in 1999 after their parents' messy break-up . their father took erik and his twin brother maarten to belgium and their mother stayed with josephine in their native netherlands . only after erik moved back to the netherlands and joined tinder and swiped 'right' on josephine's profile that they were reunited .
a photo of a cat coming down some stairs is trending on social media . or is it going up some stairs?
four fort lauderdale police officers have been fired following an investigation into a racist video and text messages sent by the four cops . prosecutors say they have dropped 12 felony cases, 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers . the arresting officers in the cases, which include burglary, cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm, are no longer on the police force . all of the four officers committed misconduct involving racist texts 'exchanged among themselves and former police officers'
joseph o'riordan, 76, left his wife mandy, 47, with life-threatening injuries . but it can be revealed that her married postman lover, nick gunn, 41, had affairs with women on his rounds . he started an affair with mrs o'riordan last year and the romance led to her husband placing a gps tracker on her car .
manchester united will have to wear nike kit during their tour of the us . there is no buy-out clause in their £750m, 10-year deal with adidas . louis van gaal has had a big input on united's pre-season plans . united traditionally stage a pre-season friendly at old trafford and august 1 would seem a logical choice .
pakistan all-rounder mohammad hafeez was banned from bowling . the 34-year-old was reported for a suspect action five months ago . he then failed an initial test on its legality and missed out on the world cup . hafeez injured his calf and missed the world cup in australia and new zealand .
in 2014 more than 80% of migrants headed for the libyan coast as the easiest point of embarkation . eritreans have long been prominent among the travelers, escaping an authoritarian government, poverty and military service . somalis flee al-shabaab and clan warfare; syrians have given up hope of returning home .
arsenal under 21s take on stoke city at the emirates stadium on tuesday . jack wilshere, mikel arteta and abou diaby are all set to play for the club . dan crowley, serge gnabry and dan crowley are also set to play .
19 kids and counting stars jessa duggar, 22, and her 19-year-old husband ben seewald announced their pregnancy in a video for tlc.com . jessa has revealed that one of the first things the couple considered after hearing the news was how to adjust her workouts accordingly .
nypd detective patrick cherry apologizes for an angry exchange with an uber driver . the incident was caught on video and landed cherry on modified assignment . "i was just angry, at that moment," cherry says .
jamal al-labani was hit in the back by shrapnel from a mortar shell . he is believed to be the first u.s. citizen killed in the current violence in yemen .
reports of child sex abuse cases have risen by more than 60 per cent . nearly 9,000 reports of abuse were filed in 2014, according to figures . south yorkshire saw a 577 per cent increase in reported cases in the last five years . number of arrests fell by nine per cent, prompting critics to accuse the government of not doing enough .
white havana cob cody was trapped in a muddy ditch for up to six hours . it took 18 firefighters to free the horse after he went for a lengthy dip . owner tracey hannant thought the horse had probably jumped in for a swim .
the gun was inside a hard rifle case and was 'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites . police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window, tying a rope around the rifle case's handle or a cable lock . the fbi agent also reported that his gear bag, backpack, and some clothing and tools were also stolen during the march 27 theft .
luke shambrook went missing from the candlebark campground on good friday . the 11-year-old autistic boy was found three kilometres from the campsite . he has been going to the campground since he was one-year-old . his parents rachel and tim shambrook thanked everyone for their help .
nbc-tv4 in washington, dc reported that 'there was concern expressed about having to retrieve people from it' the new spikes, officially known as 'pencil protrusions,' will be bolted on at the top for a year or more while an entirely new fence – as tall as 10 feet – is planned and fabricated . the white house might also get a prison-style double fence with space in between, but barbed wire has been ruled out .
ryan bertrand posted a snap on instagram of himself and his daughter . the left back has made 26 premier league appearances for southampton . bertrand has also forced his way back into the england squad .
freddie gray was arrested without incident in baltimore on april 12 . less than an hour later, officers transporting him called for a medic . he slipped into a coma, dying a week after his initial arrest .
pippa middleton boasted of eating minke whale meat in norway . the 31-year-old said it was served in a 'wonderfully convivial atmosphere' prince william has led a personal crusade against poaching .
bethany farrell, 23, died while scuba diving in queensland's whitsundays . two people who were on the boat when she died have taken to tripadvisor to slam wings diving adventures for their handling of the tragic circumstances . ms farrell drowned on her first ever dive after becoming separated from her instructor while swimming on the great barrier reef . a post mortem determined the cause of death was drowning .
kylie jenner is the youngest member of the kardashian-jenner clan . the reality star has been one of the biggest tween stars since 2007 . the 24-year-old is set to become the most talked about member of her family .
graeme oxby documented the dedicated fans at events across britain . the 50-year-old even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series . he said: 'i hope to show the colour, the razzmatazz and the fun of the elvis tribute world'
police dashcam footage shows arizona officer michael rapiejko speeding down a road, mounting a curb and smashing into alleged thief mario valencia . valencia is seen walking along a street in marana, northwest of tucson, carrying what appears to be a rifle . he points the loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out, a police officer says . but in apparent defiance of his advice, rapiejko overtakes the
white house said obama would be willing to meet congress half way and sign legislation codifying its role in processing a nuclear deal with iran . senators later voted 19-0 to give the white house some of, but not all of its asks, and left in a signature feature of the bill . it now goes to the full senate, where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers .
matthew kenney, 34, told police he smoked flakka before he streaked through traffic early on saturday evening while only wearing sneakers . the suspect said he was escaping imaginary killers who he believed stole his clothes and wanted to murder him . flakka, which can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances, has been nicknamed '$5 insanity' for its mind-bending effects and cheap cost .
make-up industry has jumped on the bandwagon with personalised beauty products . eyeko london's bespoke mascara (£28) comes in dozens of brush shapes . cover fx custom cover drops (£36) can transform entire make-up collection .
"not gonna lie, i shed a few tears at the end of furious 7," one woman tweets . "the tribute to paul walker was very well done," another tweets .
kayahan was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 . the cancer returned in 2005 and again in 2014 .
john schumann has slammed anti-islam protesters for using his song, i was only 19, at a reclaim australia rally . the former redgum frontman said the song was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness . it has emerged the song was played at one of the rallies, which aimed to oppose 'sharia law, halal tax and islamisation' there were several arrests at the rallies, including three in melbourne where more than 3,000 people clashed in federation square .
the aerial apology was splashed across brisbane's cbd on monday afternoon . it was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses . locals quickly took to twitter to question and voice their theories . the author and recipient remain a mystery .
ophelia conant crawled backwards out of cot but was left hanging mid-air . 19-month-old was only saved when her mother was watching on baby monitor . days later a second toddler was found dangling from the £450 bed . furniture boss phillip dickens was fined £50,000 and given suspended sentence .
storm prediction center upgraded its second-highest advisory level to a moderate risk wednesday . hail the size of baseballs battered missouri, kentucky, and charleston, west virginia, at midday wednesday . more severe weather could form as far away as the plains of west texas . fewer than 1 million people were in wednesday's 'moderate risk' area between wichita, kansas, and jefferson city, missouri .
choc on choc's limited edition political chocolates come in three flavours . david cameron’s is studded with blueberry pieces, ed miliband’s has red raspberry and nick clegg’s has chunks of honeycomb . political collection is made using layers of chocolate on top of chocolate to produce intricate and life like designs .
two gunmen pulled up next to sabeen mahmud's car at a traffic light and sprayed it with bullets . her sandals remained in the footwell of the driver's seat, while the exterior of the white vehicle was stained with her blood . friends and colleagues immediately described her death as a targeted assassination in pakistan . earlier that night, two men riding a motorcycle opened fire on mahmud's car, killing her and her mother .
philippe coutinho says winning the fa cup would save liverpool's season . the midfielder started liverpool's 4-1 thumping at arsenal on saturday . liverpool face blackburn in the fa cup quarter-final on wednesday .
marc macrae was election agent for the snp’s westminster leader angus robertson . says party showed compassion for lockerbie bomber but ostracised him . mr robertson is co-ordinating the nationalists’ general election campaign .
japanese engineers have pushed clone of matsuko deluxe into limelight . transvestite star shared stage with 'matsukoroid' doppelganger on saturday . dentsu dreamed up idea to clone exact android copy of rotund entertainer .
number of middle-aged women with very long natural hair on the rise . recently, supermodel twiggy stood up for older women with long locks . fiona steane, 50, wanted to cut all her hair off when she was 15 . but her mother refused and she gets it trimmed twice a year .
charnelle hughes, 20, was struck on the side of the head by empty pint glass . it was thrown across the room at the adelphi pub in preston during a gig . miss hughes was left scarred, swollen and fearing she might lose her right eye . culprit jordan goode, 20, escaped with a suspended jail term .
livingston face alloa in sunday's petrofac cup final at mcdiarmid park . shaun cole, 22, was found dead in a miami street last weekend . soldier who served in afghanistan was on holiday in florida . mark burchill believes darren cole wants to play for his side .
kim jong-un was inspecting a weapons factory in north korea's capital pyongyang . footage shows him waving and smiling, with his right wrist in bandage . officials say he must have suffered the injury in the recent past .
in the seventh innings of a game between the kansas city royals and rivals chicago white sox both sets of players became embroiled in a mass brawl . umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at chicago's us cellular field, illinois . a heated exchange between royals starter yordano ventura and white sox outfielder adam eaton sparked the brawl .
liverpool players mario balotelli, fabio borini, rickie lambert and lazar markovic met bas van velzen at melwood . the dutch free-kick specialist showcased his skills in front of goal . balotelli wore van velzen's famous t-shirt during manchester city's 6-1 win over united in october 2011 .
jimmy anderson was given a silver cap by mike atherton to mark his 100th test match for england . courtney walsh (132), glenn mcgrath (124), chaminda vaas (111), shaun pollock (108), wasim akram (104) and makhaya ntini (101) both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minute's silence in honour of the late, great richie benaud .
stefan stoykov moved to us from bulgaria as an eight-year-old when he could not speak english . now 18, he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet . brown, columbia, cornell, dartmouth, harvard, penn, yale and princeton have all come knocking .
the first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in houston, texas . physicist stephen hawking partnered with the silly lads of monty python .
bmw mini’s answer to google glass is designed to let drivers of its mini model see pop-up virtual displays for showing directions and other features . augmented vision goggles will go on show at the auto shanghai show . they generate ‘screens’ showing information that only the wearer can see . for example, the goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads, as well as showing speed limits and even point out local landmarks .
95 of the celebrity infinity's 2,117 passengers have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea . the illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew .
more than a dozen australians are reported missing after a devastating earthquake in nepal . the natural disaster has already claimed more than 1800 lives and more than 200 australians are confirmed safe . perth volunteer ballantyne forder, 20, was able to make contact with her family on sunday night . hugh sheridan has made a heartbreaking plea on social media to ask for prayers for his brother zachary who is missing at mount everest . liam oliver, 18, from victoria and his aunt dianne joy coburn
jeffrey sutton's opinion is the only recent decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage . sutton is a conservative jurist with a keen interest in states' rights . critics call the opinion an outlier and don't believe it will carry much weight .
the rapa nui people carved the moai statues on easter island between 1,250 and 1,500 ad . the 887 statues gaze inland with an average height of 13ft (four metres) the largest pukaos measure six-and-a-half feet (two metres) in diameter and weigh 12 tonnes (1,890 stone)
tom left a lasting impression with viewers for all the wrong reasons after giving a highly inappropriate answer to a question about puberty . the first contestant to press his buzzer was tom, a freemason, who inexplicably answered: 'what is puberty?' the correct answer is of course: 'what is puberty?', while the age of consent in the u.s. varies between 16 and 18 depending on the state .
kim, 34, shared her beauty essentials on instagram page . also featured a hairbrush from her own brand kardashian beauty .
fast food giant chipotle is making a fresh start and stepping away from using gmos (genetically modified organisms) as ingredients . steve ells, the company's co-ceo and founder, discussed the new development with cnn money . last year, the chipotle's sales reportedly went up 27.8%, and its stock went up approximately 350% over a five-year period .
former england footballer is selling a multi-million pound property . campbell has threatened to leave the country if mansion tax comes in . earlier this year he sold a £20m london townhouse to a company owned by himself .
marry british royalty spinner charm comes in 14k gold vermeil or sterling silver and retails for $198 and $148 .
football shirt friday got into full swing as celebrities showed off their favourite kits in support of the bobby moore fund for cancer research uk . fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt – old or new . bianca westwood, rob lee and clare balding were among those showing their support on social media .
psg face barcelona in the champions league quarter-final on tuesday . zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti are both back from suspension . thiago silva joins thiago motta among the injured and david luiz is a fitness doubt .
candice swanepoel, elsa hosk and jasmine tookes star in new campaign . models show off brand's new dream angels range of push-up bras . carries pink umbrella which shoppers receive for free when they buy two bras .
real madrid drew 0-0 with atletico madrid at the vicente calderon on tuesday night . gareth bale missed the best chance of the game after diego godin's slip . cristiano ronaldo was fast approaching real's all-time goals record .
andrea mcveigh, 44, was sent crashing face-first into concrete in bermondsey . the social media manager was left sprawled in a pool of her own blood . she suffered two three-inch gashes to the middle of her forehead and hand injuries . police have issued cctv footage of a cyclist they want to speak to .
nypd bomb squad finds suspicious package in locker . liberty island evacuated after 911 caller made threat to blow up statue of liberty . service to liberty island is to resume at 8:30 a.m. saturday .
fbi: keonna thomas, 30, purchased electronic visa to turkey on march 23 . thomas charged with attempting to provide support to a designated foreign terrorist organization .
arman nejad, 23, dragged victim into his house in moss side, manchester . he raped her as she walked to a youth club in october 2009 . the girl, now 18, went to police in 2010 and was interviewed by officers . she asked why her rape case was shelved and nejad was arrested . three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why her rape case was shelved and detectives then arrested and charged him with rape
the long-awaited apple watch is about to go from being on display to being on the wrist of buyers world-wide . a panel of australian tech experts claim it is far from perfect and has been labelled 'a waste of money' the price comparison website finder.com.au suggests you might be better off waiting until next year for the second generation apple watch . the apple watch 1 will retail from $499 for the cheapest version right up to $24,000 for an 18-carat model .
nasa scientists in california have revealed an interactive 3d map for vesta using images from the dawn spacecraft . the map lets you see features on the surface including craters, hills, mountains and even 'canyons' the asteroid completes a rotation every five hours and 18 minutes, with a temperature ranging from -3°c (27°f) to -188°c (-306°f) the map also lets you 3d print an entire model of vesta .
anderson shoved otacilio neto off the ball to earn a red card for internacional . neto retaliated by appearing to aim an elbow at anderson . internacional's fabricio was also sent off for swearing at booing fans .
liverpool have lost ground in the race for the champions league places . brendan rodgers believes his side's recent defeats are down to their own failings rather than the opposition's tactics . the reds scrapped a win against swansea but were held to a goalless draw by blackburn in the fa cup a month ago .
italian glamour: the essence of italian fashion, from the postwar years to the present day, captures the evolution of mediterranean style . the volume has been compiled by enrico quinto, 51, and paolo tinarelli, 49 . they were the first to introduce the concept of vintage style in italy .
gang of four spent eight minutes trying to hack into an atm in kenilworth, warwickshire . they then fled police in a stolen audi rs7 at speeds of up to 145mph . thieves were caught after a police helicopter followed them on the m42 . they were tracked to a block of flats in tamworth in staffordshire .
noor ellis admitted a role in the killing of her 60-year-old husband, businessman robert ellis, at their bali home last october . his body, with wrists and feet bound, was found wrapped in plastic, dumped in a ditch in a rice field near sedang village . mrs ellis told the court on wednesday that her husband died 'because of the order from me' she was arrested along with seven others, including the couple's two former maids and the boyfriend of one
the american chemical society in washington explained the science behind the avengers in a video . it looks at the composition of iron man's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and captain america's shield . the video also explains the science behind super-healing abilities .
samantha and david cameron's home has been put into the spotlight recently . but do his belongings live up to etiquette expert william hanson's expectations? use my short household audit to see how many items you own . score one point for each - the more points you get, the more upmarket your house must be .
selina dicker, 38, outran the avalanche on mount everest in april last year . she was in the same climbing party as google executive dan fredinburg . miss dicker was trying to raise £45,000 for operation smile, which provides surgery for children with the condition . six helicopters have been flying perilous rescue missions since the earthquake triggered a 'tsunami' of ice and rock which crushed base camp .
andy lee beat peter quillin to retain his wbo middleweight title . lee threw fewer punches than quillin, who vacated the title last december . lee threw more punches (299-267) and connected with greater frequency .
a magnitude-7.8 quake flattened homes, buildings and temples in kathmandu, nepal . cheers rose from the piles when people were found alive -- but mostly bodies turned up . the quake was the strongest in the region in more than 80 years .
fc united of manchester's new stadium broadhurst park is nearing completion . the 5,000-capacity ground cost the democratic club around £6.5m . the ground will host benfica for the official opening on may 29 .
mesut ozil missed arsenal's win over newcastle united with a cold . arsene wenger says he is satisfied with the £42.5million man's explanation . ozil explained he went to a berlin nightclub for a friend's birthday . arsenal face liverpool in the premier league on saturday .
roy keane is said to have behaved aggressively towards cabbie fateh kerar . he did not attend a brief hearing at trafford magistrates' court on wednesday . but a not guilty plea was entered on his behalf meaning he will stand trial . keane is accused of causing harassment, alarm or distress to mr kerar .
stephanie scott, 26, was last seen at leeton high school on easter sunday . she sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for her upcoming wedding this saturday . ms scott's parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search . they fear her disappearance has something to do with 'her car or foul play'
duncan hodgetts, 25, fell from 14th floor window of executive plaza building . he was found on third-floor balcony of neighboring michelangelo hotel . nypd spokesman said they are treating death as suicide .
chloe owens, 27, from swanley, kent, came up with the idea for bump 2 breast when she was pregnant with daughter lola, now three months old . the tech-savvy mum even struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding so included a breast-tracking feature . the app, which is available on all mobile platforms, has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews .
'i think it has really affected her, it's really hard to lead a normal life after that,' says trial by jury author, douglas preston . 'so many terrible things happened to her in italy, so many lies were said, and the online savagery directed at her, i've never seen anything like it,' says preston . 'it's like a soldier come back from iraq, having children shot in front of him, you've been through a horrific experience'
roman ehrhardt became an internet sensation after a classmate shared a photo of him grilling his lunch in class on monday . the senior communications major was secretly completing a project, in which he had to violate a societal norm . but his unknowing peers took to twitter to express their delight at his stunt .
jeremy clarkson will return to the bbc but not on top gear, bosses say . bbc2 boss kim shillinglaw insists there is 'no ban on jeremy being on the bbc' clarkson was sacked from top gear just last month . he pulled out of his planned appearance hosting bbc satirical show .
rajasthan royals player offered money if he followed a 'pre-decided pattern of play' the player immediately reported the approach to the indian cricket board's anti-corruption and security unit . rajasthan are all too aware about the threat of match-fixing after former india paceman shanthakumaran sreesanth was arrested in 2013 on suspicion of taking money to concede a fixed number of runs .
atletico madrid face real madrid in the champions league on tuesday . diego simeone led atletico to the title last season . simeone recently extended his contract with the club until 2019 .
keith anthony allen, 27, of columbus pleaded not guilty monday to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition . allen is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since september and fondling a third girl . the assault charges allege he raped the girls while knowing he was hiv-positive and had consensual sex with a woman without telling her he has the virus that causes aids .
andy farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year with the world cup coming up in england . england will take on fiji in the world cup curtain-raiser on september 18 . stuart lancaster's side came within six points of claiming the rbs 6 nations .
over 300 people gathered at sydney harbour for a candlelight vigil on monday night . brisbane, melbourne and perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo . 'where there's life, there's hope and we will continue to campaign on this until we see that we just can't do this anymore,' said crisis campaigner diana sayed .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend on what happens that coming night . i look back on one of the greatest sporting events of all time .
supporters are threatening to boycott the next home match against spurs . newcastle have lost the last five tyne-wear derbies . john carver would walk away if the club's hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment .
inverness beat celtic 2-0 in the scottish premiership on saturday . josh meekings' handball could have meant a penalty and red card . craig gordon was also sent off for a spot kick .
sue sim came to national prominence as northumbria police dealt with raoul moat . she was 'sad' to leave but is retiring to spend more time with her family . it was announced last month she was to be investigated for bullying . ms sim has been compared to predecessor sir john stevens .
six children were blindfolded and asked to pick their mother from a group . their mothers become emotional as they wait to see if their child recognises them . video was created to celebrate mother's day in australia and the us .
university of manchester researchers have revealed an hd dark matter map . it shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky . the goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years . red here shows more dark matter, and blue shows less . the moon is shown top left for scale . and the map should allow astronomers to study how galaxies formed in the universe .
ana ivanovic was beaten 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 by caroline garcia in stuttgart . the serbian fifth seed was the 2014 runner-up at the porsche grand prix . ekaterina makarova beat bethanie mattek-sands of the united states . carla suarez navarro beat russia's evgeniya rodina 6-2 6-7 (5/7) 6-4 .
ann malsbury, 22, battered lee judson, 21, with a saucepan and hair straighteners . chef's ex-boyfriend had gone to her home in coventry to collect his belongings . when mr judson bent down to pick up something, malsbury jumped on his back and wrapped a white ipod cable around his neck before trying to throttle him . after he struggled free malsbury then armed herself with a large carving knife and stabbed at him several times with the blade .
young german shepherd named kali bounces about the decking playfully . its adopted mother watches the puppy while relaxing on the floor . kali makes a lunge for its toy bone but her mother pushes it down .
kevin cave noticed one of the gorillas had a cut below his eye that was "bleeding a little bit" the western lowland gorilla charged toward the window and smacked into it .
rachel chepulis, 26, helped wesley e. brown iii escape from north dakota jail . the married mother-of-two was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm . brown, 35, is thought to have seduced chepulis while behind bars . his escape from devils lake on march 13 is the second time he has broken out of a secure unit .
james webster targeted female shoppers at the lidl store in maidenhead . the 35-year-old was caught after attracting the attention of a fellow shopper . security guards discovered webster had cut a hole in the bag through which he placed the lens of a camera so he could carry out his covert filming . he admitted outraging public decency at a previous hearing and was warned that he could face prison . but webster walked free from court after magistrates ordered him to complete a sexual offences treatment programme
rangi chase could face eight-match ban following dangerous tackle . salford half-back charged with making a grade e dangerous throw . red devils went on to beat huddersfield 18-12 on good friday .
andre blackman stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from harrods . he was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work at hammersmith magistrates' court . the former celtic defender claimed it would disrupt his search for a new club . blackman has been told he is 'surplus to requirements' at bloomfield road .
adam federici spilled alexis sanchez's shot into his own net in extra-time . the reading stopper was in tears as manager steve clarke tried to hug him . federici was inconsolable after the match and clarke revealed he tried to hug him but he was 'very, very disappointed'
barcelona have scored 400 champions league goals in 202 matches . barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 on tuesday night to reach landmark . real madrid scored 436 champions league goals in 1992 . lionel messi has scored 75 champions league goals .
ayyan ali, 21, was caught with $500,000 in her carry-on bag in islamabad . the staggering amount of cash is way more than the $10,000 cash limit . she has been in a rawalpindi prison since march 14 .
ross mccormack scored 67th minute penalty to halve fulham's deficit . stuart dallas doubled brentford's lead just before the hour mark . judge and jota scored brentford's other goals of the game .
gareth macdonald was murdered by his lover glen rycroft in 2007 . the conman hit gareth over the head with a fire extinguisher in a travelodge . rycroft was found guilty of murder in 2009 and sentenced to life in prison . sue macdonald and charlie macdonald are still grieving for their son .
paula radcliffe ran the london marathon in april 2003 in a world record time . the 41-year-old claimed a time of 2:36.55 in her final competitive race . radcliffe described herself as 'unfit and unprepared' for the race .
manchester united lost 1-0 to chelsea in the premier league on saturday . louis van gaal is starting to assert himself at the club after a stuttering start . the dutchman will need more than memphis depay to take united back to the top .
michelle schwab, 38, allegedly dangled her son over the 10-foot-deep enclosure at cleveland metroparks zoo on saturday . witnesses say she jumped in to retrieve the boy, who was treated for a leg injury . schwab, who has three sons and a degree in therapeutic childcare, faces six months in jail and a $1,000 fine .
this april 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers . here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web - and our inboxes .
cosmo editor bronwyn mccahon says she regrets that her magazine didn't more thoroughly investigate belle gibson before awarding her the fun fearless female award . but she says the award won't be taken off ms gibson, despite the whole pantry founder's admission of lying about her cancers . gibson created a social media empire and the whole pantry movement on the story of her remarkable cancer survival . her wellness app and the whole pantry cookbook promised to help her 300,000 plus followers live 'the whole life' .
burger king posted a picture of a woman with 'i love burger king' emblazoned across her chest on its russian facebook page . tittygram and titisign offer to write on a woman's cleavage and take a photo . both offer the service for as little as $6, or £4 .
"there was no doubt in my mind that we weren't going to land," a passenger says . the faa initially reported a pressurization problem with skywest flight 5622 . skywest spokeswoman: three passengers reported a loss of consciousness .
filipe luis signed a three-year contract with chelsea last july . he has struggled to make the left back position his own at stamford bridge . atletico madrid are considering re-signing luis in the summer .
sally lutkin, 49, had a rose surrounded by grandchildren's names tattooed on leg . tattoo became so swollen that she was in agony and couldn't walk . had to undergo emergency surgery to stop infection spreading to bone . left with gruesome black hole and lasting scar in middle of her calf .
kenneth crowder, 41, was arrested in melbourne, florida, on friday . crowder was spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself god . he was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree . crowder was arrested on charges of battery on a law-enforcement officer, resisting with violence, and assault with a deadly weapon .
chelsea beat stoke 2-1 at stamford bridge on saturday . cesc fabregas, nemanja matic and oscar have struggled recently . jose mourinho insists he will stick by his midfield trio .
john t. booker jr, 20, was detained in manhattan, kansas, on friday morning . he was charged with multiple terror offenses, including attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction . the 20-year-old, who refers to himself as muhammad abdullah hassan, planned to use a 1,000lb car bomb to blow himself up and kill 'people with power'
leo the staffordshire boxer cross knocked one of the hob's knobs, turning it on . heat from one of the hob's rings set fire to a child's seat left on the appliance . smoke filled the three storey home in peckham, south-east london .
shayna hubers, 24, charged with murder in the october 12, 2012, shooting death of 29-year-old ryan poston . hubers, who was 21 at the time, claimed she was acting in self-defense because poston was shoving and hitting her . during an interview with police, she was quoted as telling a detective she gave poston 'the nose job he wanted' .
jonathan stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked richie benaud for tips on left-handed leg spin . mr stevenson, now a director at livewire sport, shared the lengthy response on twitter on friday as a tribute to the 'great man' benaud enjoyed a remarkable test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and took 200 test wickets .
the unnamed woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious march 22 in the area near shore parkway and 26th avenue in the gravesend section of brooklyn . paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening . investigators believe the faded body art was the name 'monique' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a heart topped with a rose .
wolfsburg are showing an interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez . mexico international has endured a frustrating season on loan at real madrid . southampton, lazio, stoke city and west ham are also interested .
a 51-year-old woman has been charged with a string of offences . the incident took place in cloverdale, east perth, on saturday afternoon . footage of the incident shows a woman brandishing a crowbar at her neighbours . she verbally abusing them and swinging the weapon at them . the woman appears to be struck in the forehead, with blood pouring down her face . wa police have charged the woman with a string of offences .
protests to demand answers in the case of freddie gray, 25, descended into chaos on saturday night . scores of rowdy protesters crowded outside camden yards, where the baltimore orioles beat the boston red sox in ten innings . at least two cars were damaged as protesters threw objects at cars, kicked windshields and smashed windows . violence continued into the evening when baltimore police commissioner anthony batts issued an order for protesters to disperse .
matilda fitt was born nine weeks early in barry, south wales, weighing just 2lb 12oz . played baby julia poldark in the bbc drama, who died from putrid throat . matilda, now 21 months old, won the part to make her small screen debut .
more than 200 people queued outside the store in avlaston, derbyshire . the company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door . former derby county player craig ramage cut the ribbon at the event .
two ambulances sent to epping forest after caller said 'someone' had been hit by a car in essex, but the 'victim' turned out to be a squirrel . reveller in basildon, essex, said he had dropped his burger and it was 'bleeding' another man in peterborough called to say his feet hurt after wearing shoes that were too small . east of england ambulance service revealed bizarre call outs as part of a list of 1,248 .
london mayor launches furious personal assault on labour leader . mr miliband laughed off the attack, saying: 'come on boris, you're better than that' tories accused of 'descending into gutter' over labour deal with snp .
leah o'brien, 33, was killed when a car carrying two students on their way to the prom crashed into her hyundai sonata . o'brien's fiancé, alton hines, recently spoke out about the night he found out o'brien had been killed . hines was going to escort o'brien to the prom when he received a call from o'brien's father telling him she had been in a car accident and didn't make
mirko 'cro cop' filipovic stopped gabriel gonzaga in the third round . the pair had not fought in the ufc since 2011 . jimi manuwa defeated jan blachowicz in the co-main event .
man out walking his dog found a clutch of cocktail sausages laced with poison . sausages were found on the cuckoo trail, a path running from hampden park to heathfield near hailsham . the sausages were so densely packed with the poison that eating just one could have killed a dog .
lee allan bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in august 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in saskatchewan, canada . a 10-year-old boy, identified in court documents as l.t., reportedly admitted to killing lee bonneau and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying . l.t. then told his friends that he had witnessed a 'big guy' strike lee with a stick three times, pushed him down an emb
arsenal host chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday . francis coquelin will face nemanja matic for the first time since 2011 . coquelin has made 23 appearances for arsenal this season .
sheila secker, 78, had not used her pay-as-you-go phone for some time . when she collapsed, she could not contact her family and died in hospital . son steve told vodafone that her number had been retired without warning . most major phone operators regularly 'recycle' numbers when they have been out of use for a certain time .
nicolas hamilton is preparing to compete in the british touring car championship, for audi, starting in june . lewis hamilton's next race is the spanish grand prix on may 10 . hamilton won his third grand prix of the season in bahrain on sunday .
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix in shanghai on sunday . mercedes team-mate nico rosberg criticised hamilton after the race . rosberg claimed hamilton selfishly slowed during the middle part of the race, drawing him back into a chasing sebastian vettel .
richard hammond has released a video documenting his 'bored' unemployed life . the 45-year-old bbc co-host appears to have launched a new career . he has released his first home video on a new channel on youtube . the video has already been watched by 230,000 people .
manny pacquiao is set to fight floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 . pacquiao has released a range of t-shirts commemorating the fight . fans can buy a shirt commemorating the fight in black or white . the cheapest shirt has an 'm' for mayweather above a 'p' for pacquiao .
yannick bolasie scored a hat-trick in crystal palace's 4-1 win over sunderland . dick advocaat may bring in referee anthony taylor to teach his players how to keep up with play . gary cahill is fighting kurt zouma for his place in chelsea's defence .
mel greig has written an open letter to the media, warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events . the former 2day fm co-host shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the duchess of cambridge's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call . greig said she understood the pressure of needing to find 'a new angle' when covering news events . the 33-year-old has since revealed her personal torment over the p
delone' martistee, 22, and ryan austin calhoun, 23, arrested in troy, alabama . hundreds of people 'walked past but did not stop attack on panama city' .
the megalithic site of gunung padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in indonesia . it is nestled among volcanoes, banana palms and tea plantations, at 2,903 ft (885 metres) above sea level . geologist dr danny hilman believes the site is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago . if true, it could shed light on an obscure yet powerful and advanced ancient civilisation .
tiger woods slammed his club into a root on the ninth hole at augusta . the 39-year-old then winced and grabbed his hand in agony . he later revealed that his wrist bone had 'popped out' of place .
rebecca sedwick, 12, leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned florida concrete plant in september 2013 . sheriff's office said she likely killed herself following 'malicious harassment' from katelyn roman, 12, and guadalupe shaw, 13, but charges were dropped when police filed to find evidence of harassment . rebecca's family has now filed a lawsuit against the sheriff and deputy jonathan mckinney .
turnham primary school sent out agreement for all new children to sign . pledge includes vow not to use homophobic or racist phrases . also pledges to be tolerant of people with different sexual orientations .
dr frederic brandt, 65, found hanged at florida home on easter april 5 . rabbi tom heyn attended hour-long memorial service for cosmetic surgeon . some mourners said he had been left 'devastated' by a character based on him in the netflix comedy show 'the unbreakable kimmy schmidt'
fire chief gavin satterfield, 31, and assistant fire chief billy getzendaner, 34, are facing charges of tampering with a witness . they allegedly told the victim to stay quiet after 'yelling and laughing with excitement' at the victim . blake jerold tucker, 19, was one of five men who allegedly held down the unidentified victim while brittany leanne parten, 23, filmed volunteer firefighters sexually assaulting him with a chorizo sausage . the victim came forward in march to report the
william kulk, 9, and piper kulk, 8, died in a head-on crash on the nsw central coast on sunday morning . their grandmother, helen boddy, 54, aqua-planed and swerved into the path of an oncoming ute . daniel, 12, and mother chantelle, 31, are still in hospital . a gofundme page has been set up to cover the cost of their funerals .
sarah stage, 30, from los angeles gave birth to james hunter earlier this week . the lingerie model posted a series of sexy selfies showing off her abs . the underwear model said it was 'love at first sight' and was 22 inches long .
the rubber bowl in akron, ohio, was built in 1939 and it served as the home for the university of akron's football team for 65 years . the university purchased the title to the stadium from the city of akron for just $1 in 1971 . the rubber bowl hosted 310 ua football contests, 19 preseason cleveland browns' games and a regular-season nfl game in 1952 .
luis suarez scores twice as paris saint-germain beat barcelona 3-0 . uruguayan striker suarez then doubles barcelona's advantage . neymar and luis suarez scored for paris saint-germain in the 18th minute . suarez then doubled barcelona's advantage in the 79th minute .
a tablet that pope francis once owned sells for $30,500 . proceeds will go to a school in montevideo, uruguay .
the first ever drawing of the beatles' famous yellow submarine is set to fetch more than £10,000 at auction in dallas, texas . it depicts the eponymous submarine from the 1968 film in which the fab four travel to pepperland to save it from the blue meanies . rare celluloid painting, known as a cel, was used as a master version from which artists working on the film created all other images . more than 240 artists and animators worked full time for an entire year to produce the film using revolutionary techniques .
london police say there was no sign of forced entry to a safe deposit box heist . the thieves apparently gained access to the vault through an elevator shaft . a former police official has speculated that the loss could run to 300 million pounds .
david moyes was sacked by manchester united exactly a year ago . united lost seven of their 19 league games at old trafford . louis van gaal has propelled them back into the top four . united have won 3-0 and 4-2, respectively, this season .
strictly come dancing winner joins foxes, victoria's secret angel lily donaldson and model alice dellal in new series of pictures . clancy, 29, is mother to four-year-old daughter sophia with footballer husband peter crouch .
"it was time to come home," scott kelley tells people magazine . kelley is accused of noncustodial kidnapping and unlawful flight to avoid prosecution . his wife, genevieve kelley, turned herself in to authorities last year .
odin lloyd played football for the boston bandits, the oldest semi-pro team in boston . he was killed in june 2013 while working for a landscaping firm .
margaret atwood said kate hasn't lived up to reputation of princess diana . author said she thinks duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes . but added she is right not to follow in diana's footsteps .
the maldives have been on the top ten honeymoon destinations for years . penny spends a week in niyama, in the dhaalu atoll, a 40-minute seaplane flight from the capital malé . she snorkels, canoes, scuba dives and sails in the cerulean sea .
dikembe mutombo was elected to the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame on monday . mutombo played in the nba from 1991 until 2009, recording 11,729 points, 12,359 rebounds, and 3,289 blocks . the class of 2015 will be enshrined at the hall of fame in springfield, massachusetts on september 11 .
warrington lost 30-10 to widnes in the cheshire derby on saturday . a flare was thrown from the stand housing visiting warrington fans . the defeat is warrington's third in a row and could be in trouble with the rugby football league .
albert webb, 51, jimmy chuter, 26, and jesse webb, 19, jailed for total of eight years . they followed pensioners with dementia in the street demanding money . if victims had no money on them, they would be driven to cash point to withdraw it . the trio would then con their way into their homes and steal from them .
photographer james oatway captured the attack in johannesburg . oatway: "they looked like hardened thugs, just by their intensity" seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence .
lewis hamilton won the bahrain grand prix to extend his lead in the formula one world championship . the british driver won his third race in four races so far this season . sebastian vettel finished second ahead of mercedes team-mate nico rosberg .
liverpool face arsenal at the emirates on saturday in the champions league . the reds are eight points adrift of the top four with just seven games to play . a loss to arsenal could leave brendan rodgers' side eight points adrift .
traitor squirmed as he admitted only 'evaluating' files stolen from gchq . also acknowledged there had been a 'f***-up' when papers that were handed the classified material failed to redact details exposing operations against al qaeda . said such potentially catastrophic blunders were a 'fundamental' price of liberty .
bishop is australia's highest-ranking official to visit iran in 12 years . she donned a headscarf during a meeting with iranian president hassan rouhani and her iranian counterpart mohammad javad zarif . social media lit up as those from both sides of the debate weighed in on whether bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom . 'you respect the culture wherever you are,' the foreign minister said .
u.s. rep. alan grayson and his wife lolita agreed to annul their 24-year marriage in florida on tuesday . the agreement was announced at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided because lolita grayson was married to another man when they wed . lolita grayson claimed in court papers that she was divorced from her first husband when she married the congressman in 1990 and they have five children .
jia binhui, 25, from southwest china, cannot afford hospital treatment . he built a human barbecue in his garden and lies on top of a fire . he has had a £55,000 bone marrow transplant funded by well-wishers .
england captain alastair cook completed a much-needed century . cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss .
organic milk contains third less iodine than normal milk, scientists claim . mineral affects infant brain growth and intelligence later in life . uht longlife milk also found to have similarly low levels of mineral .
manny pacquiao is set to fight floyd mayweather in las vegas on saturday . the filipino appeared in a new advert for foot locker ahead of the fight . pacquiao joked about fighting mayweather in an advert back in november . click here for all the latest boxing news .
chelsea defeated shakhtar donetsk 3-2 in the uefa youth team league final . the blues are the holders of the fa youth cup . izzy brown and dominic solanke scored twice in the 3-2 victory .
rugby school is known as the spiritual home of the game, with the world cup trophy named the webb ellis cup in honour of the schoolboy . headmaster dr thomas arnold is credited with transforming the school's values in an effort to build pupils' characters .
an icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour . called the jungle bar it also contains chocolate and sesame seeds . cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients . the duo hopes it will encourage people in the west to eat more insects .
lionel messi scored twice as barcelona thrashed getafe 6-0 on tuesday . luis suarez scored twice and neymar netted in the nou camp rout . messi now has 49 goals for the season, neymar has 32 and suarez 21 .
a stray pooch in washington state has apparently used up at least three of her own lives . she was hit by a car, apparently whacked on the head with a hammer and buried in a field . the dog managed to stagger to a nearby farm, dirt-covered and emaciated, where she was found .
status quo, katherine jenkins and elaine paige will perform at the event . the 1940s-themed concert will take place on saturday 9 and will be broadcast on bbc1 hosted by chris evans . other stars include boy band blue, r&b singer jamelia, pop star pixie lott, jazz vocalist gregory porter and tenor alfie boe .
thierry henry believes arsenal need to buy four new players this summer . chelsea goalkeeper petr cech looks set to leave stamford bridge . bayer leverkusen's bernd leno is a target for arsenal .
kevin pietersen made 170 off 149 balls for england against oxford mccu . pietersen is being urged to make the england selectors' lives difficult after his barnstorming start to the summer . former england captains alec stewart and nasser hussain have both had their say on pietersen's chances of a return to the test arena .
scotland yard's flying squad released images of three suspects on saturday . but they refused to release an image of the supposed ringleader . criminologist richard hoskins noticed 'startling similarities' between the raid and novel black echo, by michael connelly . the novel was based on real-life bank robbers dubbed 'the hole in the ground gang' who struck three vaults in la in 1986 and 1987, and were never caught .
lauren hill died early friday at age 19 . she was able to raise $1.4 million for pediatric cancer research .
tania rahman, 27, was asked by salisbury city council if she wanted to run a stand . but when she asked to be counted in she was told it was not 'english-themed' salisbury city council has since apologised and invited ms rahman to run a stand .
celebrity chef's iconic fat duck named eighth best restaurant in the world . dinner by heston blumenthal at mandarin oriental hotel also scraped through . alinea run by grant achatz has retained its crown for fourth year running .
the most rev justin welby said the victims were 'witnesses, unwilling, unjustly, wickedly, and they are martyrs in both senses of the word' pope francis made similar statements during easter sunday mass at st peter's square in the vatican .
liverpool face arsenal at the emirates stadium on saturday . the reds are five points adrift of the leaders in the premier league . brendan rodgers has urged his side to perform well in north london .
british national, of polish origin, was arrested on saturday . he was part of operation against revolutionary people's liberation party-front . far-left group took senior turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz hostage . both the prosecutor and hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out .
torpedo moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium . fans displayed a banner with a nazi symbol during their 3-1 win over arsenal tula on sunday . the punishment will not take effect until may because torpedo already have to play behind closed doors for a separate incident in which fans abused zenit st petersburg striker hulk with monkey chants .
aston villa could sign cordoba striker florin andone for as little as £2.5m . the 22-year-old romanian has scored six goals in 17 games this season . andone is valued at around £6m but villa could make a cut-price move .
len barnes, 57, from stockton, battled the life-threatening condition clostridium difficile . he was suffering bouts of diarrhoea, lost his appetite and endured constant pain . despite numerous courses of antibiotics, he was showing no improvement . specialists suggested a faecal transplant to re-balance the bacteria in the gut . mr barnes' daughter debbie stepped in and donated his stools .
just over a quarter of women giving birth in england now have a caesarean . the rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s . this includes a growing number of women opting to have planned caesareans because they are very anxious about giving birth naturally . experts from the world health organisation said this figure should ideally be between 10 per cent and 15 per cent due to the dangers and costs involved .
callum ryan will run eight marathons in each of australia's eight states and territories . the 21-year-old will cover a total distance of 337.5 kilometres . he is raising funds for heartkids australia - supporting thousands of children living with heart defects . his friend malachy frawley died from heart disease in 2013 when he was just 14 years old .
patrick bamford was named player of the year for middlesbrough on sunday . daryl murphy was second in the voting ahead of troy deeney . joe garner and danny mayor also crowned player of the year .
direct assist, based in bolton, lancashire, fined £80,000 by privacy watchdog . complained they were likely to be called for three years until they made claim . information commissioner's office and telephone preference service registered 801 concerns about the company between january 2013 and july last year .
the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers, or 'icann,' sent a letter on thursday to the u.s. federal trade commission and canada's office of consumer affairs . so far, purchased names include youtube.sucks, bing.sucks, visa.sucks, bankofamerica.sucks, telusmobility.sucks and other major brand names . vox populi began accepting registrations using '.sucks' on march 30 from trademark holders and celebrities before it is released to public
theresa dybalski, a retired insurance company from lackawanna, new york, received the ticket during a birthday lunch . the friend who gave it to her has since died, so dybalski plans to share her winnings with the friend's family . dybalski received a lump-sum payment of $522,822 after taxes from her $1million winnings last month .
jo gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on valentine's day when a staph infection invaded her body and attacked her spine . she was airlifted from warwick to brisbane where she underwent emergency surgery . when she woke she learned she had contracted community-associated mrsa - an antibiotic-resistant form of golden staph . ms gilchrist will spend the rest of her life in a wheelchair caring for her son tommy .
the needy owl was spotted creeping along a tree branch in beaconsfield, buckinghamshire . he tugged at his brother's wing before swooping under his sibling's wing, prompting an amusing game of tug-of-war . the scene was photographed by 48-year-old dean mason who hid away in a camouflaged shelter .
afghan taliban publish bizarre biography of 'charismatic' supreme leader mullah omar . praises one-eyed terrorist's 'special' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers . taliban have reportedly seen defections to isis in recent months .
lee joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence . but this was increased to life in prison today by an appellate court . he was convicted of homicide by account of his 'willful negligence' the 6,825-tonne ferry sank in april last year killing 304 people .
chelsea host stoke city at stamford bridge (saturday 3pm) diego costa may not be risked following a hamstring injury . john obi mikel will not be considered despite recovering from knee problem .
man, 50, shot at officers who raided home in zaragoza, north-eastern city . shot at them and seriously wounded one before they shot dead him . he holed up in his own home for 12 hours after shooting two men .
toby alderweireld will return to atletico madrid when his loan ends . the belgian defender has been on loan at southampton this season . alderweireld has hinted in the past he would like to stay in the premier league .
isis prides itself on its well-oiled propaganda offensive, pumping out images, videos and even a weekly english-language magazine designed to recruit and radicalise would-be jihadists . but its ease of disseminating information can easily backfire .
kate major was arrested for a 'drunken attack' on her husband michael lohan, tmz report . kate reportedly admitted she had been drinking, claimed michael grabbed her by the throat and that the argument was caused by him accusing her of cheating . kate was taken to the palm beach country jail and charged with battery .
mikaeel kular was killed by his mother rosdeep adekoya in fife, scotland . she repeatedly beat him and left him to die in agony for three days . she then hid his body in suitcase and dumped it in woods . adekoya then told police the boy had wandered off sparking a huge manhunt . police scotland probed the claims and an internal investigation was launched . nine council workers were subject to disciplinary action and dismissed .
david cameron greeted voters in the street as he left his speech in cheltenham . aides ordered that the jack russell and poodle cross-breed be kept away . owner sarah styler was taking silver for his morning walk when she spotted tv crews gathered outside church hall close to her house . shortly before he emerged from the building she was told that she would only be allowed to speak to mr cameron without her dog present .
james freedman is exhibiting his 'skills' in a one-man pickpocket show . he even takes off someone's tie without them realising . freedman, 49, describes himself as ‘the only honest pickpocket you will ever meet’ .
ginsburg, 82, has been unusually open about her opinions ahead of the cases - cutting against a long-held tradition of not speaking out in advance . she has referred to the american public becoming more accepting of gay rights in general - and has even officiated at same-sex ceremonies . she will get the chance to make her views known in the upcoming case of obergefell v. hodges, for which arguments will be heard from tuesday .
bramble ski created a private ice bar for après cocktails in the grounds of one of its chalets in verbier, switzerland . a customer requested a bouquet of lily of the valley flowers that had to be larger than the one kate middleton held on her wedding day . two grand pianos were flown in for entertainment and a horse and carriage was on standby 24 hours a day .
researchers at stanford university examined reaction of teachers to race . they found teachers were more likely to view black pupils as troublemakers . this may explain why black children are disciplined more in schools .
luke bryant was sat with southampton fans when he ran onto the pitch . the 25-year-old shrugged his shoulders at arsenal manager arsene wenger . bryant admitted 'going onto an area adjacent to a playing area' . the father-of-two was banned from going to games for three years .
jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies, laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in zheng du city, central china . her mother, zheng jiayu, 31, who left jiaojiao at home on her own, now cannot afford the huge £100,000 medical bill .
ronald anderson, 48, was arrested after he kidnapped a woman, shot and killed a census bureau guard and led police on a car chase on before authorities cornered him in an exchange of gunfire . anderson had previously been convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend . the woman, whose 10-month-old son was home, told police that anderson had hit her several times, knocking her into walls .
david and sandra greatrex, 53 and 52, from plymouth, have told their story of harassment . david's sister anne cancelled the couple's wedding using a fake email address just weeks before the big day . the couple managed to piece their plans back together in time for their winter wedding though . and they subsequently took anne to court for harassment .
north korean leader kim jong un has backed out of a visit to moscow for world war ii anniversary celebrations . he was to have met with russian president vladimir putin as part of the may visit .
kevin pietersen has signed a new contract with surrey . the batsman was sacked by england in february 2014 . chris tremlett believes pietersen can resurrect his test career .
what makes a great kitchen? it’s a balance between a warm and inviting design combined with practical efficiency . property buyers expert frank valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design .
at least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014, compared to 778 in 2013 . pakistan lifted a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians following the attack on a school in peshawar . china used the death penalty as a tool in its "strike hard" campaign against terrorism .
novak djokovic beat david ferrer 7-5 7-5 to reach miami open semi-finals . world no 1 is likely to face andy murray in the final if he beats john isner . ferrer dominated the quarter-final but was eventually hunted down on his birthday .
cristiano ronaldo returned to real madrid's valdebebas training ground . the portuguese helped portugal go top of euro 2016 qualifying group i . carlo ancelotti led the first-team - and youngster martin odegaard - in training .
susie clark, of evening shade, arkansas, found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on thursday . clark, who first visited the park 33 years ago with her mother and grandmother, prayed to god, asking, 'are you doing to bless me and let me find a diamond today?' as she searched the field . clark named the pinto-bean-sized, teardrop-shaped gem the hallelujah diamond .
robert boardwine's friend, joyce bruce, had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant . she thought she was entitled to be the boy's sole parent because they never had sex . the court of appeals of virginia agreed with a ruling that method of insemination didn't come from medical technology .
new jersey gov chris christie appeared at a town hall meeting tuesday night to take questions from a group of citizens . kathy mooney, a teacher for 27 years, questioned christie's decision-making behind a $225million settlement with oil company exxonmobil . christie responded by saying 'you do know that? really? you know that?' mooney responded, but not before being cut off by the governor .
fatu kekula was just a year away from finishing her nursing degree in liberia when ebola struck . a cnn story about kekula prompted donations from around the world to iam .
police were called to the scene in the north las vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on thursday . the father, 24, and other family members inside did not know that the toddler, who later died at university medical hospital, had gotten out of the house . the incident was deemed an accident and no charges will be filed .
campaigning group getup launched the gender price gap website last week . members and everyday consumers have identified nine separate products that have identical female versions which cost more . this is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men . the exact same shirt advertised under the men's clothing section is advertised for only $49.95 . other examples highlighted on the website show price increases from as little as 11c or even 1c for items marketed towards females .
two-inch-long asian hornets have killed at least six people in france . experts fear millions of them could be heading for britain . threats they pose are to be discussed at a summit meeting by beekeepers .
pictures emerge of louis tomlinson's wild night out with five girls . he was seen barefoot and sat on the edge of a sofa at london's soho hotel . he appeared to be rolling a joint while next to a box of suspicious substance . snapchat video appears to show him in his hotel room on thursday .
bayern munich beat bayern munich 3-3 at the allianz arena on tuesday night . pep guardiola's side have scored 115 goals so far this season . robert lewandowski, thomas muller and jerome boateng all scored .
fbi says bomb maker marwan was killed in philippines raid in january . marwan, whose real name is zulkifli bin hir, was believed by the fbi to be a member of southeast asian terror group jemaah islamiyah's central command .
a new islamic fatwa in turkey has decreed that muslims are allowed to use toilet paper . the directorate of religious affairs for turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable . islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet .
bayern munich lost 3-1 to porto in the champions league on wednesday . hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt has quit the german champions . the 72-year-old claims the medical department has been blamed . his son kilian, peter ueblacker and lutz hansel have also resigned .
islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque where they told locals they were there to teach islam . they opened fire using handguns and assault rifles before setting fire to nearby houses filled with unsuspecting families . attack came as new pictures showed how teenagers caught up in previous slaughters carried out by boko haram in neighbouring chad are being encouraged draw pictures of the attacks .
taylor davis, 20, was seen in the kissimmee, florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on tuesday by a worker who called police . osceola county sheriff deputies found the suspect in his car in the parking lot . while in the store he was listening to audio pornography on his phone and inappropriately touching himself inside his sweatshirt . he then began following a woman he found attractive around the store .
sharky jama has reportedly been shot dead in syria while fighting for isis . his father, dada jama, confirmed his death to sbs radio . the department of foreign affairs was unable to confirm sharky's death as its capacity to do so was 'extremely limited' .
manchester city will listen to offers for yaya toure and samir nasri . premier league champions are also open to letting nasri leave . toure earns in excess of £1million a month at the etihad stadium .
brian o'driscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn english clubs back into a european force . the gulf between clubs from the aviva premiership and the top 14 is bigger than ever . o'driscoll says it's a money issue for english clubs and they need roman abramovich style investment .
new isis photographs show a prisoner wearing an orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees before being shot . the images were taken on the frontline of fighting in the countryside outside the rebel-held city of aleppo . isis released the disturbing photographs on the same day as they bizarrely attempted to portray everyday life as happy and carefree .
jose mourinho could return to manage real madrid, says alvaro arbeloa . mourinho left chelsea and rejoined the club in 2013 . arbeloa says mourinho's work was the foundation of real's success .
kimberly greenberg left her santa monica home to calm down on march 24 . the 15-year-old autistic teenager has not been seen for a week . her mother janice greenberg has made an urgent appeal for help .
dr. kristen lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head . she posted a proud photo of herself smiling, as she dangled its limp body by the arrow's shaft . callers rang the clinic to vent their outrage .
stuart mccall says he is already looking at transfer targets for next season . rangers boss is not sure if he will be in charge beyond the current campaign . gers are currently second in the scottish championship table .
seven of slager's fellow cops responded to his call forback-up after the shooting - as handcuffed walter scott lay dead or dying with five bullet wounds to the back . the fact that his wounds were to the back do not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting given to the media or in the force's incident report filed after the shooting . officers also told an internal report that they gave scott cpr, but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body .
ellie laing, sbs news reporter, has hit back at claims she was hired for her beauty over her brains in an open letter to critics . the australian article suggested jim carroll was hiring 'good-looking, female, anglo-celtic' journalists . carroll denies these standards but many of the journalists hired have fit the above criteria .
the securities and exchange commission announced the deal wednesday, saying the thermal-imaging company earned more than $7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts . the commission said two employees in flir's dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the saudi arabia ministry of interior in 2009 . the company also arranged travel for saudi officials, including a 20-night trip with stops in beirut, casablanca, dubai, new york and paris .
lib dem leader says second home owners would not mind having to 'chip in a bit' to protect services in rural areas where one in 10 homes are vacant for much of the year . well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has driven up property values, leaving local people priced out of areas where they grew up . local authorities would have power to charge 200 per cent council tax . money generated could be used to support schools, post officers and other services which can become unviable without sufficient permanent residents .
kiwi jihadi mark john taylor has posted a video to youtube urging is sympathisers to attack anzac day services in australia and new zealand . the video has since been removed after 3 news notified authorities . new zealand police have confirmed they have implemented extra security measures amid growing concerns of a targeted terror attack . prime minister john key said the video only further confirmed that is are a growing threat to new zealand and its people .
richard henyekane was killed in a car crash on tuesday morning . the 31-year-old was driving in bethlehem, where free state stars are based . henyekane made nine appearances for south africa in 2009 .
taline gabrielian, 33, of sydney's northern beaches has recreated the entire range of classic chocolate bar favourites . the mother-of-two has 129,000 instagram followers and the hippie lane app consistently sitting in the top three of 'most popular food and drink' apps . her recipes include mars bars, snickers, bounty, twix and cherry ripe .
doncaster drew 0-0 with fleetwood town in league one on saturday . the media team had to stick up the match highlights on the club's youtube channel . it left the media team with a tough task sticking up the match highlights .
edward snowden is being 'exploited' under asylum deal, spy analyst claims . andrei soldatov says snowden may have been told not to speak out on russian surveillance but continue attacking america in order to save himself from jail in the us . he accused the former us spy of not being ‘transparent’ and said he was being ‘secretive’ about his arrangements with the russian authorities . snowden, 31, revealed himself in june 2013 as the civilian cia worker who stole a vast tranche of classified documents .
floyd mayweather will go head-to-head with manny pacquiao on may 2 . mayweather took time out of a training session to pose for a picture with gladys knight during a training session . mayweather is expected to get £120m from the fight, the biggest event in the history of boxing, with pacquiao . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
awel manyang, five, believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles in a melbourne lake . her brother bol, one, and four-year-old twins madit and anger died after their mother akon guode crashed her 4wd into a lake on wednesday . the children's father, joseph tito manyang, says awel remains in a serious condition at the royal children's hospital . mr manyang's partner and mother,
a majority of the missing are nepalese, indian and chinese residents, but a handful are adventurers, trekkers and vacationers . technology has played a huge role in helping families share their worries, ask for help and search for their missing loved ones .
jordan henderson has agreed to sign a new long-term contract at anfield . henderson's new deal is worth £100,000-a-week and will run until 2020 . henderson could replace steven gerrard as liverpool captain .
cheryl prudham, 33, and husband robert, 30, claim £39,192 in benefits a year . they plan to renew their vows at the infamous chapel of love in las vegas . couple visited thomson travel agents in kent to take away brochures .
eileen mason, 92, and margaret seabrook, 75, were at a lunch club meeting . an 'evil looking' man suddenly appeared from behind a fence in swindon, wiltshire . he grabbed mrs seabrook by the arm and reached for her carrier bag . mrs mason shouted 'oh, no you don't!' and slammed on accelerator of her scooter . the attacker was knocked to the ground and the pair sped off
hillary clinton is expected to announce her candidacy for president on 'sunday afternoon,' according to a democratic party source in iowa . a republcian party official said on-the-ground forces loyal to hillary are rounding up democrats via phone trees and emails in preparation of campaign appearances early in the coming week . clinton will fly to new hampshire after her iowa swing .
labour leader was out campaigning in bristol this morning . mr miliband decided to take the weekend off to spend time with his family . but his political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support .
house committee chairman trey gowdy called former secretary of state hillary clinton to testify at a public hearing next month . the move will set up a high-profile showdown over clinton's use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state . republican rep. trey gowdy said he wants clinton to testify the week of may 18 and again before june 18 . the september 11, 2012 terror attacks killed four americans, including the us ambassador to libya .
troy slezak from huntington beach, california, filmed his seven-month-old daughter stella playing with the giant pooch . footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs .
detective patrick cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the joint terrorism task force . he was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked hyundai without signalling when the driver hooted his horn . the angry detective pulled over the cab and launched a tirade, questioning the diver's command of the english language as well as his driving ability . cherry's case was transferred to the civilian complaint review board following a complaint of 'discourtesy'
burnley drew 0-0 with tottenham at turf moor on sunday afternoon . michael duff was satisfied with the way his side subdued harry kane . kane's first appearance as tottenham captain failed to inspire spurs .
john barnes and jamie redknapp rapped rapper's delight in spoof sketch . the pair played together at liverpool in the 1990s . barnes reached no 1 with england's 1990 world cup song world in motion by new order .
'john' posted the advert in his local newsagents in muswell hill, london . it reads: 'john looking for a companion an apprentice / worker / lover for a craft that will change your life and bring you a way of life with quality' the anonymous londoner then posted a picture of the ad on a facebook account dedicated to london life where it went viral .
qatar airways scored a perfect 100 in the research by wanderbat . emirates scored 97 points thanks to its on-time performance and luxurious planes . british airways ranked in eighth place as the only uk airline to make the list .
floyd mayweather fights manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 . iyanna mayweather has been spending time in her father's training camp . 'when i watch my dad train, it's inspiring to me,' she said .
arsenal goalkeeper david ospina has won 11 of his 12 premier league games . the colombian has the highest win ratio of any premier league player to have made more than 10 appearances . former manchester city defender stefan savic is second behind ospina .
andy lee takes on peter quillin at the barclays center on saturday . lee was hoping to make his first defence of the wbo middleweight title . quillin failed to make the 160lb weight required for the fight .
oscar has not played a full 90 minutes for chelsea since february . there have been suggestions he could leave stamford bridge . but the brazil international insists he is happy at the club .
blackpool fans pelted the directors' box and main reception area with a flare, a smoke bomb, fireworks and eggs . the seasiders' relegation to league one was sealed by rotherham's victory over brighton on monday . supporters gathered in front of the west stand at 7pm to protest against their owner karl oyston .
liverpool face blackburn in the fa cup quarter-final on wednesday . brendan rodgers is ready to recall £20million dejan lovren . emre can and martin skrtel have been suspended for the game .
portsmouth parted company with manager andy awford this morning . awford's future had been in doubt as they slipped away from play-off places . saturday's result left them with an 11-point gap to the top seven with four games left . assistant manager gary waddock is will take caretaker charge of the team ahead of the clash with stevenage tomorrow .
experts studied 40 million posts by 1.7 million users on cnn.com, political news site breitbart.com and gaming site ign.com . they divided users into those most likely to be banned, called fbus . trolls are less readable in terms of language and coherency . they are less likely to use positive words and swear more .
arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on wednesday . danny welbeck scored against manchester united in the fa cup semi-final . welbeck expects a tough test as arsenal look to progress to the final .
britt mchenry, 28, has been suspended from espn for a week . she raged at towing company clerk in arlington, virginia, in april . she said: 'i'm on television and you're in a f---ing trailer, honey' . mchenry, a former model, is a sideline reporter for espn based in washington d.c.
alison, 43, from gloucestershire, had a breast augmentation operation . surgeon vik vijh left her with a deformed breast that 'looked like a croissant' retail worker has now had a further 13 operations on her breasts . 'it's horrible to look at and horrible to live with,' says alison .
hengshui no 2 middle school is an 'exemplary school' in central china . with nearly 10,000 pupils and more than 500 teachers, the school is well-known for its outstanding academic achievement . two pupils from the school plunged to death, one in october and one in march .
ayatollah ali khamenei says he has "never been optimistic" about talks with the u.s. iran and six world powers reached a preliminary nuclear deal last week . the u.s. and iran have until june 30 to come up with a final deal .
tesla has unveiled a $3,000 (£1,980) home battery that can power an entire house for eight hours . powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall, weighs 220lbs, and can be installed either on an outside or inside wall . it powers up overnight when electricity rates are cheaper . musk said the technology could 'change the world' and could be in homes by the end of summer .
syrian, palestinian refugees trapped in yarmouk refugee camp have suffered untold indignities . but the individual lives at the heart of the camp make the imperative for humanitarian action compelling .
gizelle laurente booked her son, jacob, on a flight from darwin to brisbane . she said he was turned away from the flight because he was autistic . qantas said it had not been given the required paperwork to clear an unaccompanied minor . ms laurente said she couldn't afford to fly with her son .
original 1959 barbie doll goes back on sale in australia this saturday . myer have teamed up with mattel to re-produce the iconic dolls . first 100 customers can snap up the dolls for original 1959 price of $3.00 .
the australian navy is allegedly in the process of returning up to 50 vietnamese asylum seekers to their home country . the operation could cost $2.8 million of tax payers money . the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in april, and are being returned through the port of vung tau, south of ho chi minh city .
kevin jonas rojano-nieto, 20, raped a three-year-old girl at his family home in orange county, california in june . he sodomized the girl and covered her mouth so she couldn't scream back . he was sentenced to 10-years behind bars . judge m. marc kelly said anything longer would be 'cruel and unusual punishment'
jacob church, 21, and joe tobin, 29, were at an art exhibition in cardiff . the airtight vault door shut behind them, leaving them trapped in darkness . they were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated . after their six-hour ordeal, firefighters had to cut through concrete walls .
prime minister will call the tories 'the party of working people' he will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent to allow all 1.3million families in housing association properties to buy their home . subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties when they become vacant .
liverpool winger raheem sterling can be seen smoking a shisha pipe . sterling recently snubbed a new £100,000-a-week contract at anfield . the 20-year-old was snapped on social media with the picture captioned ‘1 down 3 to go’ .
paula creamer has called for a masters tournament for women at augusta national . creamer first floated the idea on twitter following jordan spieth's masters victory on april 14 . the world no 27 suggested a women's event could be staged the week following the men's showpiece in april .
lee cattermole will return to the sunderland starting line-up against newcastle . newcastle defender massadio haidara will miss the rest of the season . steven taylor, paul dummett and cheick tiote will also miss out .
adam barker is an equal shareholder in handles for forks ltd, which manages and distributes his father's work . company made £501,319 profit in year to last june, which will be split with his sister charlotte and brother laurence . 47-year-old was first arrested in 2003 during dawn raid on his house . 1,675 images and videos depicting child porn were discovered by officers . he went on the run for eight years - during which time his mother and father both died .
the crowd source collection holds around 150 photographs taken by arthur syer, a 27-year-old man living in sydney . the detective camera gave amateur photographers the opportunity to capture the true essence of life on sydney streets . it was produced between 1883 and 1887 using a dry negative which was already loaded into the device . 'it definitely caused some controversy,' said museum curator and historian margot riley .
fight broke out on the oman air flight 102 to muscat on saturday night . one man decided to move seats on the plane as it wasn't full . a fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him . one passenger screamed that there was a baby nearby, while others were woken from their sleep by the commotion .
the unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at canberra hospital . she is being treated in complete isolation in a single room under the hospital's ebola protocol . health officials say it's most unlikely she has ebola and her symptoms - a fever and stomach upset - are consistent with many other conditions .
tim swiel will return to harlequins next season on a full-time contract . fly-half spent four months on loan with quins before heading back to sharks . swiel made 10 appearances during his loan spell, featuring in the european champions cup, aviva premiership and lv= cup .
jane tipper had been walking her dog molly in eype, dorset, when she fell . border terrier survived 100ft vertical drop then rolled 150ft down slope . coastguards searched thoroughly but were unable to find her . three days later, molly was found in exhaustive condition on beach .
kerry hamilton, 34, had stomach cramps, bleeding and irregular periods . she was finally diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma, a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50 . at just 34, she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children . she now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like leiomyosarcoma so that other women with seemingly 'everyday' symptoms visit their gp .
kym ackerman, 32, saw the son of god in an x-ray of one her left-side molars when she went for a dental check-up in flagstaff, arizona . ackerman spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist . the dentist didn't find any cavities during the check-up and ackerman has vowed to keep her mouth, and especially that holy molar, healthy .
a report on the threat posed by australian foreign fighters has blamed the abbott government's troubled relations with the muslim community for worsening the situation . the report says the large number of australians fighting in syria and iraq represents a 'serious national security threat' but the risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response . the report comes just a day after the death of melbourne model-turned-jihadist sharky jama .
twitter user arke usa from bryant, arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool . despite it being around 80-degrees, the compacted lumps prove resilient to the heat taking a good while to melt . along with hail, lighting and thunder also hit arkansas and parts of mississippi .
freddie gray 'fell head-first into back of police van as it was moving' reports claim he suffered 'catastrophic' injuries consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van' baltimore police admitted the van made a previously unreported stop . details were picked up by a privately-owned security camera on april 12 .
norma esparza, who pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case and agreed to testify, said thursday that her ex-boyfriend, gianni van, was outraged when he heard about the assault . van is now charged with the murder of gonzalo ramirez, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of an irvine, california road in 1995 . prosecutors allege van and friends kidnapped and beat ramirez and
items are crafts and artifacts made by japanese-americans confined to wwii internment camps . a grass-roots campaign of a change.org petition, facebook page and mediation by "star trek" actor george takei resulted in rago arts and auction center pulling items from sale .
justus howell, 17, was gunned down by police in zion, illinois, on saturday . police say he had just stolen a gun from tramond peet, 18, who was selling it to him - but howell tried to snatch it without paying . peet told officers he let go of the gun when he heard sirens, then opened fire . autopsy revealed howell was hit twice in the back, one on his left side .
martin fletcher points the finger at bradford city chairman stafford heginbotham . heginbotham had been linked to eight previous blazes . four members of his family died in the 1985 fire at bradford's valley parade .
squadron leader ian joll crashed-landed his plane on a dutch beach in 1940 . he had been involved in a strafing attack on a german aircraft when he was forced to crash land his bristol blenheim light bomber . mrs joll had received a telegram ten minutes earlier telling her son was missing presumed dead . but sq ldr joll had survived the incident and dropped in on his parents . he had trekked miles along a beach and pers
kyle naughton will miss the rest of the season with ankle ligament damage . david meyler was sent off for a hefty challenge on naughton on saturday . the hull midfielder was shown a straight red by referee andre marriner .
aaron hernandez, 25, is on trial for the murder of odin lloyd, a semiprofessional football player who was dating his fiancée's sister . prosecutors say hernandez and two friends picked up lloyd at his boston home before dawn on june 17, 2013, and drove him to an industrial park near hernandez's house . surveillance video at hernandez's home minutes after the shooting showed him holding a black item that appeared to be a gun . hernandez's
england cricket team's involvement with allen stanford defended by sir curtly ambrose . ambrose launched his autobiography time to talk on eve of series . stanford flew to lord's nursery ground in 2008 to launch five-year deal with england that ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence .
the newly-opened maison souquet is located in the once tawdy, but now trendy pigalle district of paris . the 20-room hotel features hermes bath products, plenty of silk draping and a spa with a swimming pool . the property is marked only by two red lanterns and a matching awning, but is worth the hunt .
education minister smriti irani was visiting a fabindia outlet in the tourist resort state of goa . she discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room . four employees of the store have been arrested, but its manager is still at large .
five nursing students killed in multivehicle wreck near savannah, georgia . they were on their way to finish clinical rotations .
fraser ross, who founded the fashion brand, is embroiled in a legal wrangle . he is accused of swearing at staff at the lax branch of the exclusive brand . the multi-millionaire is in the midst of an ugly public battle over allegations . he is in the midst of an ugly public battle over allegations he swore .
a japanese woman dumped her boyfriend's imac, iphone, ipad and accessories in the bath tub . she then took photos of the gadget jacuzzi, and sent them to him . the woman scorned took the trouble to give his imac - which start at £899 - a single soaking .
martin alvarado jr, 23, was watching edwin eli o'reilly at their home in cicero, illinois when the toddler urinated on him during a diaper change . enraged, he allegedly repeatedly hit the little boy . edwin was rushed to macneal hospital in berywn, illinois, where he later died . he suffered multiple blunt force trauma and his death was ruled a homicide .
oleg kalashnikov, a former member of parliament, was shot and killed wednesday . oles buzyna, a ukrainian journalist, was killed thursday by shots fired from a ford focus .
violet pietrok, from portland, oregon, was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb . the condition caused a widening of violet's facial features, specifically with her nose, which had no cartilage, and the space between her eyes . she also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth over her left eye . plastic surgeon-in-chief dr. john meara of boston children's hospital spent months preparing
charles barnhoorn took hundreds of cans of nitrous oxide at a party . he was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in kingsteignton, devon . coroner recorded a verdict of suicide and said death was self-inflicted . for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details .
a new cnn/orc poll finds 57% of americans think wedding-related businesses should refuse service to same-sex couples . that's a shift from a poll conducted last fall that found just 49% thought businesses should serve same-sex couples . 41% say they should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons .
dawn williamson, 39, was crippled by her 30-year phobia of snakes . she could not even confront a plastic snake without panicking . this morning therapists nik and eva speakman broke down her fear . at beginning of show dawn broke down in tears at mere sight of plastic snake . by the end of the show she was able to touch a real-life 9ft burmese python .
luke shaw has endured a 'frustrating' debut season at manchester united . the 19-year-old admits he would give himself a 'c-' if he scored against chelsea on saturday . shaw joined united from southampton for £31.5million last summer . the defender has made just 17 appearances in all competitions .
spacex launched a two-stage falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called dragon . spacex tried to land a rocket stage on a floating barge in january, but the rocket hit at an angle and exploded . spacex founder elon musk tweeted: "ascent successful. rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival"
sissa abu dahou has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression in egypt . "if it wasn't for my mother, i would have been on the streets," her daughter says .
rory mcilroy could become just the sixth man to win the grand slam . mcilroy's ambitions are unlike chelsea's win-at-all-costs manager jose mourinho . europe's ryder cup captain extraordinaire paul mcginley says mcilroy aims to be an iconic figure in world sport .
greenstone acts like a beacon, or booster, to help messages move around wireless mesh networks more easily . apple added to multipeer connectivity framework (mcf) to ios 7 . it creates what’s called a wireless mesh network that connects phones to each other . instead of sending messages using mobile or data signal, the features lets users send messages to people in close proximity that are in bluetooth or wi-fi direct range .
ecuador's leader posed for picture next to boy wearing 'i'm with stupid' t-shirt . the 52-year-old seemed oblivious to the message on the shirt . picture was shared thousands of times and prompted a series of fake photos .
elena udrea is accused of taking bribes and abusing her position in government . the 41-year-old is accused of accepting cash and euros worth £1.3 million . she was indicted along with seven other people, including former economy minister ion ariton, who was charged with abuse of power . udrea, who is a lawyer, has strenuously denied the claims against her .
police have arrested and charged a man and woman over the discovery of a mass greyhound dog grave in bundaberg . a 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman were both charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm . the carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in coonarr, near bundaberg, on tuesday . early investigations suggest the dogs were killed before a four corners special which exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry .
marylin stoneman, 64, was entrusted with victim's pin number, cheque books and bank cards . victim, 98, went into care at cedar house, rothley, after a number of falls . court heard she began withdrawing up to £200 a day to feed her gambling habit . stoneman admitted stealing £22,650 but was ordered to pay back just £1,350 .
john truong says his sister alyssa chang helped kidnap 2-year-old ronnie tran and his mother, with the child's grandmother, vien nguyen . chang and nguyen bound the child's mother with plastic ties and then took off the toddler, leaving the mother locked in a cupboard . an amber alert was issued for the boy tuesday night, after the mother managed to escape and find help .
iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location . fantasy, sci-fi and action film directors and producers have descended on the island nation as of late . but there are certain filming locations that consistently rank a cut above . the volcanic landscapes of svartalfheim provided the perfect otherworldly setting for thor: the dark world .
jason denayer has impressed on loan at celtic this season . the 19-year-old has been linked with a move to manchester city . tom boyd believes denayer is ready to challenge for a place at city .
coach erupted into flames on the a2 slip road to the m25 near dartford . fire crews were sent to tackle the blaze and closed the slip road . the fire is believed to have started in the engine compartment and spread .
mr mole will be ap mccoy’s last ride in a grade one race . irish raider special tiara and sprinter sacre will be ridden by nico de boinville in the absence of injured barry geraghty . mr mole will be mccoy’s last ride in a grade one race .
max muggeridge, 19, from the gold coast caught a four metre tiger shark at the weekend . the avid angler spent three hours battling the beast on the tweed coast just inside the nsw border . he hooked the shark just after 7am and pulled it in around 10.30am . mr muggeridge said he was left with blood blisters all over his hands .
a week ago, 50 earthquake scientists from country the world met in kathmandu to discuss how the area would cope with such disaster . shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make country less equipped to deal with aftermath of major incidents . on sunday evening the death toll had crept up to 2,500 people across four countries, with hundreds still missing . a 7.8 magnitude earthquake could kill 10 to 30 per one million residents in california, but has killed at least 1,900 in nepal .
"what pet should i get?" debuts july 28 . it will be the first new, original dr. seuss book since "oh, the places you'll go!" in 1990 .
national park week is april 18 through april 26 . saturday and sunday are free saturday and sunday .
xiao ying, 17, dumped her newborn child in a factory toilet after giving birth . cleaner found the child in the female toilets of a shoe factory in wenzhou city . ying said she was afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant . the father of the baby said they could not keep the baby .
the social media site deemed the clip contained 'potentially offensive nudity' the clip had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed on sunday . the show's co-creator rachel clements called it 'silly and disrespectful'
england's young lions beat france 2-1 in their final qualifier in saint-lo . sehrou guirassy and gnaly cornet scored for the hosts . but patrick roberts' late response wasn't enough to qualify .
brazil's dunas arena is being sold by owner grupo oas . the company is also trying to sell the 50 percent share it owns of the fonte nova arena in salvador . an economic downturn, government austerity and a slumping currency have taken its toll .
eight iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants, iranian state media reports . a militant group called jaish al adal claims responsibility for the attack .
as many as 1,600 migrants have died in the mediterranean in the past 10 days . the crisis has drawn hundreds of journalists to sicily .
sean heslop, 47, questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust . he has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two schools . family member claims he is 'happiest he's ever been' and looking forward to father .
the white house said today that bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the japanese prime minister . the first lady said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team.' 'jeremy will be missed, and barack and i wish him the very best in all of his future endeavors,' she added . bernard is also the first gay man to hold the position, nor did it explain why he was leaving .
two-year-old nathaly hernandez was filmed lip-syncing to miley cyrus' wrecking ball at the home of the innocents nursing facility in kentucky . the smiley toddler was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement . she is able to sit but cannot walk, and a custom-made wheelchair allows her to get around .
marouane fellaini has been hailed as one of the best in world football . wayne rooney says fellaini is getting used in the right way at old trafford . fellaini has been instrumental in wins over manchester city and liverpool .
warning: graphic content . michael slager, 33, can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer following the incident in north charleston on april 5 . dashcam footage shows scott, 50, a coast guard veteran, being pulled over for a broken tail light just minutes before slager shot him . the senior officer told slager to go home and relax, assuring him that he would not have to answer questions about the shooting for days .
isco has been one of real madrid's best players this season . james rodriguez was dropped from the starting xi after returning from injury . isco returned to the starting xi for the champions league semi-final .
marissa holcomb was fired from popeyes in channelview, texas, after $400 was robbed from her till on march 31 . the mother-of-three was held at gunpoint and refused to pay back the money . popeyes said it was against their policy to have so much cash in the till . holcomb is five months pregnant with her fourth child .
keith boudreau, 42, of boston was pronounced dead on friday morning following the march 23 attack where he was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on . paul fahey, 43, allegedly beat boudreau for just staring in his direction during the 'unprovoked attack' on wednesday, fahey was arraigned on assault and battery charges, and pleaded not guilty . boudreau was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries following the attack and was removed
the aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies . coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against iran-backed shi'ite houthis . un last week said 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting .
the images, captured by the dawn probe from 28,000 miles (45,000km) away, show that a pair of mysterious bright flashes on the surface have different thermal properties . the latest images are the closest taken yet, and suggest that the icy body was likely once fully active . last month, scientists said this pair of mysterious bright spots could be towering 'water volcanoes', but they said they need to take a closer look to confirm this .
saudi arabia launched airstrikes on houthi positions across yemen . the aim is to restore the yemeni government, a key u.s. ally in the fight against al qaeda .
greg dyke must find £30million to fund grassroots football reform . fa chairman has identified non-league national team as an area of potential saving . england c normally plays only three or four times a season .
the luxury knightsbridge flat has gone on the rental market for more than half a million pounds per year . it is based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and hollywood icon ava gardner spent her final years . there are five bedrooms with a master bedroom suite with walk in wardrobes .
mesut ozil is an easy target for ex-pros and pundits . but when he’s at his best he is worth paying to watch . ozil was at his brilliant best against liverpool on saturday . he has been involved in seven goals in his last eight league games .
the search for flight mh370 will be extended, with officials from australia, china and malaysia deciding to double the search area . the search area will 'cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis' australian deputy prime minister warren truss made the announcement after meeting with malaysian transport minister liow tiong lai and chinese transport minister yang chuantang on thursday . the news came weeks after fresh testimonies from a small island community in the maldives reignited reports the plane could
the remains of an extinct pygmy sperm whale were discovered in panama . they indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale’s evolution . this means the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller . in contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives .
jordan spieth finished the first round of the rbc heritage on three over par . the 21-year-old struggled in difficult conditions in south carolina . spieth has enjoyed a whirlwind few days since winning the masters .
don mclean's manuscript of "american pie" sells for $1.2 million . christie's says it's the 3rd highest auction price for an american literary manuscript . "american pie" has become one of the most dissected and argued-about songs in the pop music canon .
honza and claudine lafond, from sydney, have taken their passion for yoga all over the world . the couple, who run a worldwide studio called yogabeyond, do handstands and downward dogs . in the mesmerising images, the pair do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds .
the korean demilitarized zone (dmz) is located along the no-man's land between the north and south . it is a hot spot for one of the world's most volatile and entrenched political stand-offs . the beaches, often filled with foreigners and day-trippers from the capital seoul, feature an 'overlapping' of military installations .
a surge of refugees this year has sought to reach europe via the libyan coast . a boatload of 900 migrants who embarked from libya are now feared dead in the latest sinking .
interpreter chris, 26, was shot in the leg near his home in khost, eastern afghanistan . his son muhammad, two, also sustained injuries in the attack . chris worked with elite units including the sas, royal marines and parachute regiment . he said he has taken evidence of threats to uk authorities on ten occasions .
janet and john brennan bought barholm castle in dumfries and galloway for £65,000 in 1997 . the fort is thought to have been used by scottish minister john knox as a hiding place . the couple have spent eight years and hundreds of thousands of pounds turning the castle from a ruin into a luxury home . but at that price the couple will incur a six-figure loss but insist the project was a 'labour of love' and they have 'no regrets'
president obama has given iran an easy exit from u.s. nuclear deal, says ayatollah khamenei . khamenei gets to keep nuclear infrastructure, in return for billions in sanctions relief, he says .
beth hall, 24, from cambridge, plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb . at the height of her anorexia, she would live on just 10 calories a day . she would go for up to three days without eating a single thing . after years of turmoil, she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic . after making a full recovery, she is now a healthy size 8 and studying .
nbc news had previously reported richard engel was kidnapped in syria . mr engel was held captive for five days and expected to be killed . but he has now revealed it is likely he was taken by sunni rebels instead . a statement posted on the nbc news site said: 'the group that kidnapped us was a criminal gang with shifting allegiances'
lewis hamilton spotted in rome for derek zoolander 2 . f1 world champion donned red camouflage suit for the runway scene . olivia munn wore a fur coat over the shoulders of a fashion forward dress .
reddit thread asks users to submit worst baby names they have ever seen . more than 18,000 comments in 24 hours, and femail has compiled the top 12 . worst examples include 'orgasm', submitted by the daughter of a midwife .
three eight-week-old labradors were found inside of a sealed cardboard box labeled 'stuff animals' on april 18 . a good samaritan was driving by and saw the box moving when she approached it tearing a hole in the top to find the dogs . the dogs were covered in urine and suffering from heat exhaustion . they have been named greta garbo, bette davis and marilyn monroe, and have been flourishing since they began treatment .
long tailbacks built up on both sides of the motorway as a stretch of the motorway between junctions four and five in ortford, kent was closed . kent police received reports that people started kicking a ball about in the closed stretch of the road . at the same time two teenagers found themselves stranded on the wrong side of the motorway when the clockwise carriageway reopened .
becky handley, 20, discovered her father's crimes in a local newspaper article . raymond handley, 62, was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at birmingham crown court . his daughter has disowned him and vowed to change her name via deed poll . she said: 'i want the death penalty brought back for people like my father' .
nyia parler, 41, 'left son, 21, in the woods in cobb creek park, philadelphia, last friday with nothing but a bible and a blanket in a pile of wet leaves' he was found next to his wheelchair in a pile of wet leaves on saturday . parler was charged with aggravated assault, kidnapping and neglect of a care-dependent person, but police have now added attempted murder to the list . they said they did not expect to arrest parler until she was cleared for release from
tidwell middle school student - aged 13 or 14 - started a blog on a writers website called wattpad in august last year that was called 'killing children' there were 11 chapters published online up until january this year, featuring stories titled 'massacre', 'thrown under the bus' and 'blood, blood, and more blood' the boy was removed from class and his parents subsequently withdrew him from the school . as students returned from spring break, so did the boy . district confirmed they allowed the eighth grader
in the last three months of 2014, 5.4 per cent of 18-25-year-olds changed jobs compared to only 1.2 per cent of 50-64-year-olds . under-25s saw their wages rise more than eight times faster than over-50s . critics say employers are cynically taking advantage of older workers .
lusitanian toadfish live in rocky crevices in the mediterranean sea and atlantic ocean . they make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses . males build nests under rocks during mating season, which runs from may to july and sing to attract female visitors . because males are territorial, their song serves as a warning for rivals .
six chelsea players have been named in the pfa premier league team of the year for the 2014-15 season . jose mourinho's men are on the brink of a first title since 2010 . eden hazard, nemanja matic, philippe coutinho and alexis sanchez were in midfield . cesc fabregas and harry kane were the only attacking players in the xi .
bobby flay is said to be offering his soon-to-be ex-wife just $5,000 a month as per their prenup, according to tmz . flay filed for divorce on friday, just one day after it emerged he had separated from his wife of ten years . tmz claims the 50-year-old is 'heartbroken' about the split - while his wife is 'mighty unhappy' with the prenup .
uefa's gianni infantino has warned that there will be no other choice than to suspend greece from international football . the greek government have proposed new laws banning teams from playing in european competitions . uefa and fifa say that is direct government interference in football .
mary cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work at drakelow shadow factory in kidderminster, worcestershire, in 1943 . she spent two years testing metal for bristol aircraft engines in the site's underground laboratory . now 91, the great-grandmother has revisited the site 70 years since the end of the second world war .
the 5.45 acre estate in san clemente, california was bought by nixon in 1969 . he entertained 17 heads of state at the home, which overlooks the pacific ocean . among his guests were soviet leader leonid brezhnev and secretary of state henry kissinger . nixon bought the home for $1.4million in 1969 and moved out in 1980 .
family in texas returned home to find the birds infested in their front room . according to the video maker the birds came in through the chimney . he initially thought the intruders were bats but now believes them to be sparrows .
chelsea defeated shakhtar donetsk 3-2 to reach uefa youth team league final . isaiah jay brown scored two goals as blues beat roma 4-0 in switzerland . dominic solanke and izzy brown also netted for chelsea .
patrick bamford is on loan at middlesbrough from chelsea . the 21-year-old scored one and made one in boro's 2-1 win over wolves . chelsea are keen to tie bamford down to a new long-term deal .
a video has been released showing four tourists catching a bronzer shark in new zealand . andreas rasmussen, christian boyum johansen and johan berg are filmed standing just centimetres away from the shark they've captured . one man stands at the water's edge with a fishing line in his hands when suddenly he launches forward, dragged by the great weight of the shark . the fisherman and his friends whoop with excitement, certain they have achieved their goal: to
alan gordon scored the opening goal of the game for la galaxy . lamar neagle had the first chance of the game after nine minutes . robbie keane and clint dempsey were both left out of their sides .
wide-leg trouser is at the forefront of ss15 trends . louise and emma redknapp say it's a welcome relief from skinny jeans . gucci revisited the seventies with flared jeans in vintage washes .
morrisons brings in pick and mix counters to cater for muslim customers . the 36 sweets include liquorice sticks, cola bottles, jelly beans and gummy bears . 10 stores around britain are trialling the scheme including blackburn, bolton, preston, bradford, west bromwich, birmingham, leamington spa and three in london .
toby perkins, deputy chairman of labour election campaign, sent email . revealed interns are paid £25 per week for working 12-hour days . labour is now trying to get around the problem by paying them nothing . interns could expect to be reimbursed for travel, food and accommodation .
matt prior has not played for england since july with achilles injury . sussex head coach mark robinson has warned prior is out 'indefinitely' prior was badly affected by the problem last summer .
megan sheehan, of san francisco, was arrested and booked at santa rita jail for suspicion of resisting arrest, battery on a police officer and public intoxication . body camera footage shows sheehan being booked into the jail after a night of heavy drinking when two officers grab sheehan's arms and slam her to the ground . sheehan, who suffered severe facial injuries and was left bloodied, lying on the ground after the incident . sheehan claims that camera footage of bay area rapid transit officers and oakland police
delroy facey, 34, denies conspiracy to commit bribery at birmingham crown court . he is accused of acting as a middleman for two men who have already been convicted of match-fixing . former bolton wanderers striker also played for west bromwich albion and hull city .
a hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the sydney opera house has gone viral for the second time . the video was uploaded to twitter on tuesday morning by popular sydney radio duo fitzy and wippa . youtube commenters were quick to point out inaccuracies in the video, such as the cardboard-esque appearance of the man in the final shot .
grace joy roseman died after she managed to move over the edge of cot . a 'safety ridge' cut off oxygen supply to her brain, court heard . west sussex coroner penelope schofield issued a report expressing concern . called for bedside cot to be pulled from shelves to prevent future deaths .
heather mack, 19, smiled and laughed as she cradled her baby stella in a holding cell at the denpasar district court in bali . the baby was born last month at a prison hospital . mack has said that her smile is a 'disguise' .
deborah, 43, from lanarkshire, described her naturally curly hair as a 'frizz nightmare' home colouring has left it dry and out of condition . the nanokeratin system hair relaxing treatment costs from £195 . it promises frizz-free hair for up to four months .
assyrians are a rapidly dwindling christian minority in iraq . many see the fight with isis as a final battle for survival against the islamists .
leonie granger, 25, targeted professional gambler mehmet hassan, 56 . she befriended him flashing roll of £50 notes at a casino in london's west end . granger befriended mr hassan, who gave her gifts, cash and restaurants . she left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and accomplice could get inside . they tied up mr hassan and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home . granger jailed for 16 years at the old
tree planted in january-wabash park in ferguson, missouri, on saturday . called 'a symbol of peace, comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches' but by sunday morning, branches had been ripped down leaving just a shard . dedication plaque at the base of the tree had also been taken .
harry kane has scored 20 premier league goals for tottenham this season . kane has also been shortlisted for the pfa young player of the year 2015 . the 21-year-old arrived at the pfa awards on sunday with childhood sweetheart katie goodland .
nearly 60 per cent of britons aged over 55 now have a facebook account . a third of facebook users are said to have blocked a family member . one in ten people aged 16 to 34 signed up to other platforms .
chase lacasse, 19, was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police . he walked up to an ice cream stand in new hampshire in full uniform . the teenager had posted on social media that he wanted to join the police . it is not known whether lacasse identified himself as an officer in any way other than his dress .
angelina jolie pitt and brad pitt are worth £260million . the hollywood couple often opt for surprisingly low key accommodation . the couple booked out an entire floor at the hilton malta . sydney's intercontinental hotel was the scene of brangelina's balcony argument .
the 58-year-old actress took a leave of absence from broadway play 'fish in the dark' earlier this month . on tuesday, she announced she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery . she explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion .
bus monitor karen huff klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in greece, new york in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video in 2012 . now, one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused of forcing a special-needs student to drink urine from a toilet while holding his crotch . mrs klein said that the middle-schoolers who verbally attacked her 'didn’t learn any lessons from the other ordeal. i don’t think they ever will'
alex oxlade-chamberlain and gary cahill pitted themselves against jack nowell and george ford at england rugby's training centre in bagshot . cahill wanted to dedicate his kick to st george's day . oxlade-chamberlain took a quick word of advice before 'nailing' his opening attempt at kicking a conversion .
more than 50 per cent of australians want to work for richard branson's airline . the department of immigration and border protection came in third . the department of defence and the department of health were also named in the top ten places australians want to work .
pierre collins, 33, was arrested monday on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of barway collins, 10 . collins' wife, yamah collins, was later escorted to an unmarked police vehicle and also driven away . a timeline for charging will be determined by the hennepin county attorney's office . the boy's father was a primary suspect in the case, police chief stephanie revering said sunday .
manny pacquiao will be put through his paces at the iconic wild card gym in los angeles this evening . the filipino icon will be put through his paces under the watchful eye of trainer freddie roach . floyd mayweather jnr was almost two hours late for his workout .
the death row records co-founder complained to judge ronald coen and said he could walk . knight, a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot, fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing . his lawyer, matt fletcher, said authorities put knight in the chair and chained him down as part of a 'ploy' to 'humiliate' his client .
a nine-year-old boy has died from injuries sustained in a horrific car crash near doyalson in nsw central coast on saturday . piper kulk was travelling with her brothers william and daniel, 12 . their holden astra aqua-planed spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road . the national easter long weekend death toll now stands at 16 .
cynthia lennon died at home in spain yesterday after short cancer battle . the 75-year-old married john lennon after meeting him in college . yoko ono has led tributes to 'wonderful mother' who had 'strong zest for life' she said she was 'proud' how they stood firm in the beatles family .
alison hall, 48, felt chest tightening and took out her blue salbutamol inhaler . she took a puff and felt something shoot to the back of her throat . after five minutes of choking, false nail came loose from back of her throat . ms hall is now urging others to check their inhalers before use .
trevor brooks, an associate of islamist firebrand anjem choudary, refused passport . home office letter says he is an extremist linked to banned group al muhajiroun . letter adds: 'you would use this opportunity to engage in terrorism-related activity, likely fighting alongside the terrorist organisation known as the islamic state' brooks was released from prison last month after serving part of his 11-month term for breaching bail on a terrorist offence .
dave brockie, 50, frontman of eccentric heavy metal band gwar, died march 23, 2014 . brockie was found slumped in a chair at his richmond, virginia, home . medical examiner determined he died of accidental drug overdose . lawsuit alleges bandmates stole his guitars, artwork, gold record and even ashes . surviving members of gwar hauled loot to headquarters of management company . william brockie, dave's father and administrator of estate, seeks $1million in compensatory damages
mike fitzgerald will be a lock for leicester tigers next season . the new zealander has helped chiefs win two super rugby titles . fitzgerald will follow waratahs wing peter betham to welford road .
liana barrientos, 38, of the bronx, is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years and charging a fee for her 'services' one of the men was deported back to pakistan in 2006 after an investigation by the joint terrorism task force . barrientos, originally from the dominican republican, lived with her partner and two children in the bronx until her arrest in february .
robert bates, 73, shot and killed eric harris while playing cops and robbers with real police . harris had given $2,500 to tulsa county sheriff stanley glanz's re-election campaign .
kenneth stancil, 20, is a former student who did not graduate from wayne community college in goldsboro, north carolina . he allegedly entered the building at 8am with a long-barreled gun and fired one shot, killing long-time employee ron lane . stancil is described as white, approximately 5'11", with a goatee, and a tattoo over his left eye . swat teams raced to the college just before 9am on monday after frantic 911 calls of 
corry 'corey' campbell, 21, was the ringleader of a gang dubbed the 'tattoo terrorists' campbell believed victim greg valecce, 53, had hurt his cat, pebbles . valecce, an unemployed drug addict, had been staying in the basement of campbell's mother's house in mayfair, philadelphia, however that basement would become a torture chamber where he would be strapped to a chair and violated for three days . campbell believed valecce
amy hughes, 26, ran 53 marathons in 53 days last year to raise money for a friend’s daughter who was diagnosed with a brain tumour . the sports therapist started her first marathon in chester on august 6 . she completed her 53rd consecutive run in manchester on september 27 . the challenge saw amy pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record .
35 people killed and 125 injured in suicide bomb attack in jalalabad, afghanistan . the attacker detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle near a bank . the group, which included military personnel and civilians, were waiting to receive their monthly salaries as crowds bustled around them . islamic state has since claimed responsibility for the attack, president ghani said .
oscar collided with arsenal goalkeeper david ospina in the 16th minute . the brazilian was sent to hospital at half time for checks . referee michael oliver did not award chelsea a penalty .
five-month-old sonit awal was asleep in his cot upstairs when the quake struck . he was saved from death by a cupboard that fell on top of him . his mother rasmila awal, 35, has spoken of her 'overwhelming joy' .
liverpool host west brom at the hawthorns in the premier league on saturday . reds have been training at melwood ahead of saturday's game . adam lallana is back in training ahead of the trip to the hawthorns . jordan henderson is expected to take steven gerrard's armband permanently . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
wooden deckchair was salvaged from the titanic after it sank in 1912 . nantucket wooden chair is too fragile to sit on and has been preserved . anonymous seller kept it by a window overlooking the sea at his home . it was sold yesterday at henry aldridge and son auction house in wiltshire .
patrick lyttle, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, barry, in sydney's inner-city on january 3 . lyttle pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm . the irishman could learn his fate as soon as thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing . the lyttle family has previously said they believe the charge against lyttle should be dropped .
michelle heale of tom's river, new jersey claims she was trying to burp 14-month-old mason hess when he began choking on applesauce . when she took him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy . heale, 46, was babysitting mason as she was a friend of the family and her husband and father worked together as detectives . she was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child after a medical examiner determined the boy died as a result of 
furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at ickworth house . it was replaced with four brown leatherette bean bags . national trust said the beanbag experiment was 'short-term'
chelsea face stoke city at stamford bridge on saturday . oscar posted a picture on his instagram account swigging from a bottle of sweets . juventus scouts were at the stade de france to watch oscar in action .
the couple, who have not been named, were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in south west houston . during the heat of the argument the husband tried to drive off in his pickup truck when his wife grabbed the door handle, slipped and he ran her over . houston police spent several hours questioning the man about the tragic events that unfolded monday . but no charges have been filed against him . the woman was rushed to memorial hermann hospital southwest where doctors successfully delivered her baby by cesarean section .
odds were slashed after a scottish punter placed a £2,000 bet with ladbrokes . majority of punters are convinced the duchess will give birth to a girl soon . royal fans have begun staking their claim to spots outside lindo wing .
scientists at haverford college in pennsylvania, us, captured a new high-energy x-ray view (magenta) of the bustling centre of our milky way galaxy . they found an emission of x-rays that corresponded to thousands of dead stars being present near the galactic centre . but why there are so many of these stars here - which are left behind when a larger star runs out of fuel - remains a mystery .
sergio ramos opened the scoring for real madrid in the 24th-minute . james rodriguez doubled the lead in the 69th-minute after cristiano ronaldo missed a penalty . gareth bale and luka modric were both substituted .
don mclean's "american pie" is 44 years old . christie's sold the 16-page manuscript of the song's lyrics to an unnamed buyer .
the queen's ring of truth made her debut in the five furlong al basti equiworld maiden stakes . capel path finished third to richard hannon’s desert force in the dubai duty free full of surprises handicap . the queen's horse was closing hard on winner harvard man at the line and was only touched off by short head .
charlene mess, 48, was arrested on monday after her husband of 30 years, 52-year-old douglas mess, was found dead at their farm in attica, new york . state police troopers went to the home after the couple's son, douglas mess, jr., 29, reported that his father was missing . it took seven hours to locate mess' body, which was concealed in a mound of manure at the back of the 300-acre farm .
clare balding has admitted she was on tv too much following success presenting the london olympics . broadcaster has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the bbc's rugby league coverage to crufts . 44-year-old said it was 'exhausting' to be constantly asked about being gay .
children are being used by boko haram as combatants, cooks, and lookouts, unicef says . the number of children fleeing their homes has more than doubled in less than a year .
david king, 70, found dead in hamlet of pierres, south-west of caen . alleged killer was living rough in the area, and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts in the area . prosecutor says mr king may well have confronted the man over stolen vegetables .
bulgarians love their traditional music and have a tv channel devoted to it . voyager 2 astronauts sent tracks from the album le mystere des voix bulgares . almost every village in the mountains has at least one choir .
more than 1,000 passengers form 1km-long queue outside tribhuwan international airport as rescue efforts continue . crowds had started to form as darkness fell on saturday night . many had already booked return journeys but had crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight . others had been left stranded after some flights out of the capital city were cancelled .
carl hendrick has attacked the ‘tidal wave of guff’ in classrooms . these ‘missives in mediocrity’ often tell pupils to ‘live your dream’ . mr hendrick argues schools should boost pupils’ confidence .
nigel farage caused controversy by attacking high cost of giving drugs to sufferers not born in britain . ed miliband said his comments were ‘disgusting’, nick clegg said they were ‘politics of the lowest form’ . chancellor george osborne said he was ‘not going to dignify that with a response’ .
militants seized control of riyan airport, sea port and oil terminal in yemen . comes amid wider chaos pitting shiite rebels against saudi-led air campaign . militants overran city earlier this month and freed prison inmates .
youssouf mulumbu has picked harry kane for the players' player of the year award . mulumbu has also picked eden hazard for the young player of the year prize . chelsea's john terry, cesar azpilicueta, nemanja matic and john terry are also in mulumbu's xi .
river plate are keen to sign manchester united striker radamel falcao . falcao spent eight years with the argentine side before leaving for porto in 2009 . river plate vice president matias patanian admits the club 'dream of falcao' .
cui hongfang, 73, died after she was knocked over by a canadian tourist . police interviewed the 38-year-old woman and ruled the death an accident . mrs hongfang struck her head in a tragedy that was ruled an accident . the victim's family filed a civil lawsuit against the tourist, identified by chinese media as debra fortin, demanding she be prevented from leaving china .
b.b. king was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1987 . he has used various models of gibson guitars over the years .
ronda rousey visited manny pacquiao's training camp in los angeles . rousey is undefeated ufc women's bantamweight champion . pacquiao is preparing for his may 2 megafight against floyd mayweather . click here for all the latest boxing news .
cesc fabregas was caught by charlie adam's flailing arm during chelsea's 2-1 win over stoke city on saturday . the spaniard was left with a bloody nose after the collision . fabregas posted a picture to instagram with the caption: 'italy with dr paco' .
all of the behavioural traits below are danger signs to spot dysfunctional people . tracey cox offers advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart .
clare van santen, 37, was first diagnosed when she was pregnant with her fifth child, elijah, now aged nine . the singe mother-of-five underwent a specific chemotherapy regime which had been found to have no negative impact on unborn children . she also had a mastectomy and had a full head of hair when elijah was born . ms van santen has been told her cancer is terminal . her biggest concern is for her children, whose ages range from 20 to nine years old, and
muhammadu buhari, 72, defeats incumbent goodluck jonathan by about two million votes . nigeria is significant because it is the biggest economy and most populous country in africa . buhari's win comes after a long history of military rule, coups and botched attempts at democracy .
mary todd lowrance, 49, a teacher at moises e molina high school in texas, was arrested after being accused of having an improper relationship with a male student over the age of 17 . lowrance turned herself into dallas independent school district police on thursday morning . the teacher was booked into the dallas county jail around 11am on thursday on a $5,000 bond and was released at 4.40pm, according to county records .
pippa middleton is said to have bought biodegradable nappies for her sister the duchess of cambridge ahead of the birth of the new royal baby . yoomi's self-warming baby bottle heats up breast milk in just 60 seconds . a pushchair can be fitted with flashing ladybirds and shushing sounds .
jordan morris is the first university student to be picked by usa in 20 years . juan agudelo scored his first international goal since march 2011 . jurgen klinsmann played a mix of young players and veterans .
jennifer is a huge fitness fan, and the mother of two has completed triathlons . modified push-ups activate the entire upper body to get toned .
laura robson used an ice bath as a means of cooling down in florida . the 21-year-old has not played since the 2014 australian open . robson has been training in tampa in a bid to build up her fitness .
the 121-foot brig of the james mcbride, which ran aground in a storm in october 1857, has been revealed following ice-melt on lake michigan . the u.s. coast guard snapped the soul-stirring images during a routine helicopter patrol . the area off the leelanau peninsula near leland, known as the manitou passage, is home to dozens of shipwrecks, most of which were grounded lumber at the turn of the 20th century .
magaye gueye scored the only goal of the game in the 87th minute . charlton skipper chris solly was sent off for a handball in the box . jos hooiveld's late strike earned millwall their first win at the den since october .
chelsea, 35, from arkansas, was 12 when she became the first daughter of the united states of america . she had a full head of frizzy curls, but over the years, her hair began to fade, appearing more and more controlled . now, in an interview with elle magazine, chelsea has finally revealed just what happened to her much-loved ringlets .
elizabeth sedway, 51, from granite hill, california, was returning home to hawaii with her husband and two sons monday when they were kicked off the plane . mrs sedway, who suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer - was sitting in the handicapped section of a boarding area when an airline representative noticed she had put on a surgical mask to shield herself from germs and asked if she needed anything . mrs sed
hillary clinton's official announcement went viral on social media . terms like "hillary clinton," "#hillary2016" and "#whyimnotvotingforhillary" were trending .
scientists at the university of connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces . in a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend or a person nearby . the research was conducted by scientists from the university of connecticut and published in the journal of neuroscience . they said that echoes and fluctuations in volume are the cues we use to figure out the distance between us and the source of a noise .
deputy pm says he would not allow lib dems to prop up cameron in power if he insisted on pushing ahead with his plan to slash £12billion from benefits bill . clegg also suggested he would veto a new deal unless the tories agreed new taxes on the rich . lib dem leader accused the tories of ‘lashing out’ at labour because they knew they could not win the election .
alan pardew left newcastle united for crystal palace in january . the eagles have been linked with a move for tim krul . pardew says he has had no contact with newcastle or krul over a move .
melvin the giraffe was gored to death by an eland antelope at kristiansand zoo . zoo vets rushed to the scene but were unable to save the five-year-old . around 30 people witnessed the unprovoked attack on easter monday . melvin was born at the zoo in 2010 and named in a local newspaper competition .
princess beatrice arrived in florence yesterday for condé nast international luxury conference . she has spent much of the past 24 hours partying with fashion's biggest names . last night, she was photographed enjoying a chat with ralph lauren's son david during a lavish party at palazzo corsini .
dale cregan was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in hmp manchester a month ago after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell . 31-year-old was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and nicola hughes in 2012 . he is hoping to be moved from the category a prison to ashworth hospital, a high-security psychiatric unit in maghull, merseyside .
patrick revins, 49, sold £10-worth of heroin hidden in a kinder egg in 2013 . undercover police identified him because he has 'p' and 'r' tattooed on forehead . he admitted one count of supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail .
bruno fernández has been arrested in connection with disappearance of his former lodger, adriana giogiosa . the 32-year-old has been dubbed the 'majadahonda ripper' after police searched his home and discovered blood stains and what is thought to have been a human tooth . neighbours living near one of his former homes have described how he was involved in apparent satanic rituals .
angela kelly, 67, from croydon, spent many years wearing high heel shoes . the former over-50s all england badminton mixed doubles champion wore them all the way through her teens and 20s . now a physiotherapist and osteopath, tim allardyce, isn't surprised .
portland timbers defender liam ridgewell writes his second column for sportsmail with the 2015 major league soccer season well under way in the us . the 30-year-old discusses his family's visits to portland, coming up against orlando city's brazilian star kaka and the upcoming clash against fierce rivals seattle sounders on monday morning at 2:30am uk time . the timbers beat dallas 3-1 for our first victory of the season .
white house declined to give embattled dea chief a vote of confidence today as two news networks reported that she would soon resign . her anticipated departure stems from concerns that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes that drug lords in colombia may have staged to elicit sensitive information . armed with . once-confidential documents, a u.s. congressional committee will . investigate the claims .
rye silverman, 32, a los angeles-based writer and self-confessed 'gender rebel', is the latest real life model to star in a campaign for clothing label modcloth . the 32-year-old has long-been a fan of the brand's designs, and often posts images of herself wearing them on the company's style gallery .
the jury will begin deliberating dzhokhar tsarnaev's punishment next week . many bombing survivors were in the crowd for wednesday's events .
a third person has been arrested in the case of an alleged spring break gang rape . george davon kennedy was the third suspect seen in the video, police say . kennedy is from tennessee and a student at middle tennessee state university .
angelina santini from san diego, california, filmed her nine-month-old son marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day . the comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor .
the espresso machine is intended for astronaut samantha cristoforetti of italy . it was supposed to arrive in january, shortly after her arrival, so she could get some relief from the station's instant coffee . but it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from virginia was lost in a launch explosion . spacex is scheduled to launch its unmanned rocket with the machine on monday afternoon .
summit agreed to lay groundwork for military action against traffickers . british warship hms bulwark and german supply ship berlin expected to be sent in within days . prime minister david cameron stressed that britain was not planning to bring any more migrants back to the uk . italian prime minister matteo renzi called the eu measures 'a giant step forward'
frankie franz watched martin montoya pull off the trick shot in a video . nine-year-old took to the garden to have a go at the trick shot . frankie is an academy player with dagenham and redbridge football club .
aston villa host liverpool in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . tim sherwood wants to wipe any smile from raheem sterling's face . the liverpool striker has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe .
vince cable wants substantial role in government . he wants to replace george osborne as chancellor . cable once was a labour politician, albeit a councillor, in 1970s .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge . eden hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute . branislav ivanovic and john terry were among the scorers .
pep guardiola's contract with bayern munich expires in summer 2016 . board member jan-christian dreesen says money will not play a part . bayern are currently 10 points clear at the top of the bundesliga .
former england footballer is selling a multi-million pound property . campbell has threatened to leave the country if mansion tax comes in . earlier this year he sold a £20m london townhouse to a company owned by himself .
adelaide crows captain taylor 'tex' walker was pictured offering a helping hand to a seven-year-old girl who burst into tears . satine cahill was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against north melbourne at adelaide oval on sunday . the pig-tailed youngster became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans in the stadium . the touching moment between the 24-year-old goal scorer and the blonde schoolgirl was captured by photographers .
a 2-year-old bulldog from iowa won drake university's 36th annual beautiful bulldog contest sunday . tank, who enjoys eating snow and watching turtles, will now serve as mascot of this year's drake relays . tank received top honors as well as a crown and cape .
google combined google maps with pac-man on april fools' day . the company is known for its impish april fools' day pranks .
nicole mihai was told by new zealand immigration that once her visa expires, she must return to romania . the 34-year-old separated from her new zealand born partner after a two-year relationship . she was awarded full custody of their son, with her partner having little contact with chris . chris is not able to reside further than 50 kilometres from his father .
james anderson broke sir ian botham's record for england wicket-taker . anderson claimed his 384th wicket on the final day of the first test . the 32-year-old said he is convinced he can still improve as a bowler .
wigan warriors beat warrington warriors 30-20 in super league derby . ben flower was sent off in warriors' grand final defeat by st helens . winger dom manfredi scored hat-trick of tries for warriors .
lauren hill, 19, was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma (dipg) - a rare form of brain cancer . she passed away on friday after raising $1.5million for mount st. joseph's women's basketball team in ohio . on friday, lebron james, 30, posted a farewell letter to the teenager via twitter, praising her for her 'leadership', 'courage' and 'strength' he wrote: 'you are the true
jessica gives larger busted ladies the option of extra volume . comes in a range of sizes, from a 28d right through to a 38hh .
scientists used a new technique to reconstrcut the colourful patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6.6 million years old . under ultraviolet light traces of pigment still in the shells are revealed, allowing their colours to be reconstrcuted . instead of being a simple white colour, they were infact covered in streaks of orange, purple, blue and even large pokadots . scientists now believe the cone snail shells, which come from the northern dominican republic, include 13 entirely new species .
loushanna and shawn craig had gone to tenerife for three-day anniversary break . mrs craig's biometric id card was stolen while mr craig was on holiday . she was refused to fly home over fears she was an illegal immigrant . the mother-of-four, from birmingham, said: 'the whole experience has been humiliating'
the icefin was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor . icefin's readings of the environment under antarctica's ice shelves, and video of the life that thrives in these harsh conditions, will help understand how antarctica's ice shelves are changing under warming conditions .
ryan reynolds was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot, according to his publicist and vancouver police . the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the shangri-la hotel on friday . the vancouver-born actor was left uninjured following the incident .
jonny may will start on the wing for gloucester at the stoop on friday . the 25-year-old was dropped by england after scoring a try against new zealand in the six nations win over italy . gloucester take on edinburgh in the final of the european challenge cup .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 at turf moor to move clear of leaders chelsea . aaron ramsey's early goal put the gunners ahead at turf moor . kieran trippier and michael duff impressed for the gunners .
bergen-belsen was liberated by british and canadian troops in 1945 and torched shortly afterwards . huts once contained the bodies of 50,000 jews, gypsies, homosexuals, nazi opponents and the disabled . reverend charles martin king parsons was one of a handful of chaplains who helped liberate the camp .
scott kelley, now 50, and stepdaughter mary nunes, now 19, gave surrendered at the u.s. embassy on monday and were flown back to costa rica . the pair fled new hampshire in 2004 along with genevieve kelley, mary's mother, during a custody dispute with mark nunes . genevieve, now 50, handed herself in last november, but refused to give up the location of her husband and daughter .
u.n. commissioner-general pierre krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp . yarmouk has been engulfed in fighting between the syrian government and armed groups since december 2012 .
labour received £1.9m in the week to april 5 from just three trade unions . a £1m cheque from unite entrenched labour’s reliance on len mccluskey . critics have accused labour of being bound by its union paymasters . since mr miliband became party leader, thanks largely to union backing, nearly £7 in every £10 donated to labour has come from the unions – amounting to more than £40m .
rangers goalkeeper steve simonsen has been banned for one game . the scottish fa have failed in their attempt to increase the punishment . simonsen admitted breaking the sfa's zero-tolerance gambling rules . the 35-year-old had not bet on any games relating to his club's competitions .
jared mccarroll is head chef at m restaurant and grill . he says the first step to a perfect steak starts when you are shopping . allow your meat to come to room temperature before you start cooking .
jessica kemp from eustis says teachers at seminole county elementary threatened to remove kindergartner logan from class because the oils smelled . the 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused . she received a letter from the local school board stating the oils had created a 'problem' for staff and students . on thursday, lake county school district said they would not suspend logan .
hillary clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election . julian zelizer: for democrats, there is ample reason to be excited about clinton's run .
faiz ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on thursday with aggravated kidnapping after allegedly dumping his three-year-old daughter, aliya, in an illinois trash can . the child was found by a passer-by wandering near milwaukee avenue and palatine road in prospect heights, illinois around 6:30 pm tuesday . he's jailed in van buren county, michigan, pending extradition proceedings .
ted loveday answers 10 questions in final of bbc quiz show university challenge . gonville and caius college, cambridge defeated magdalen college, oxford . viewers were astounded by law student's general knowledge prowess . but mr loveday admits he had help from some unlikely sources .
pj spraggins was delighted when he discovered he was a perfect match for wife tracy . she was told her life-long battle with lupus would kill her if she didn't get a transplant . but the next day the couple from birmingham, alabama, were dealt a blow: pj's blood pressure was too high to perform the operation . in december 2014, pj was given the green light to undergo surgery .
danielle and alexander meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son rafi, 10, and daughter dvora, 6, roam free in their suburban neighborhood . but the meitivs say authorities crossed a line when they picked up rafi and dvora and held them nearly six hours without food before allowing them to reunite with their parents . attorney matthew dowd, of the firm wiley rein, is representing the meitivs and has vowed to pursue 'all legal remedies'
a pair of masked men have robbed three banks in the pittsburgh area so far this year, most recently on april 10 . surveillance footage shows one robber holding his finger along the barrel of his gun, just off the trigger, a safety method used by law enforcement . the men, both 5'8''-5'9'' are described as in excellent physical condition . the fbi believes that the thieves may have had military training because of the way they handle a weapon .
radamel falcao spent his thursday evening in the company of jonas gutierrez . the newcastle united defender was given a standing ovation at anfield . falcao posted a picture of the pair on his instagram account .
signs feature portraits of clinton with phrases including 'don't say secretive', 'don't say entitled' and 'don't say ambitious' the signs are said to have appeared in brooklyn on saturday night near her campaign's new headquarters in the borough, where staffers began working on friday .
floyd mayweather has earned more than $400million in his career . the boxer has labelled two of his bugatti's as 'cheap' . mayweather also has a private jet worth £30m and a bentley golf cart .
audi tt roadster 2.0 tfsi s line quattro (230ps) takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 seconds . it is fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 seconds .
bianca gascoigne, 28, targeted by gang of eight in marylebone on tuesday . thought to have stolen her phone which reportedly had private texts from her father . theft reportedly left her in tears and she is said to have been left devastated .
marlon samuels scored 103 for west indies in second test . samuels will take a lot more satisfaction from the way he has taken on the moving ball in a demanding test match . west indies are losing players to the easier option of the indian premier league .
travis hatfield, 21, from gilbert, west virginia sung a george jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, jamie joe cline . 'he's one of the sweetest people i have ever met,' wrote travis on his facebook page .
police investigating whether woman lied to get free flights to southern france . she 'flew to region twice after falsely claiming to be deceased teacher' lufthansa says it is looking into 'regrettable isolated case' but did not give further details . airbus a320 crashed on march 24 killing all 150 people on board .
a new way to talk about climate change shifts focus from impersonal discussions to your health . president barack obama joins u.s. surgeon general dr. vivek murthy and epa administrator gina mccarthy for a roundtable discussion .
broadcasters could miss out on millions if viewers stream the mega-fight for free using live streaming apps such as periscope and meerkat . periscope allows users to broadcast a live stream to their social media followers . in the us, viewers are being charged between $89.99 (£59) - $99.99 (£66) to watch the fight while in britain sky is offering the bout for £19.99 . hbo issued takedown notices last week after the season five premiere of hit show game of thrones was streamed .
darren stanton has become the uk's top human leading human lie detector . former police officer has a background in psychology, micro expression training, and neuro linguistic programming (the study of body signals) appeared on itv's this morning to show his immense skill in sniffing out deceit .
john carver has hit back at michael owen's recent relegation jibe . newcastle are seven points off the relegation zone . owen captained the side which was relegated to the championship in 2009 .
rifaat al-assad, 77, was kicked out of syria 'with nothing' 30 years ago . he has spent 30 years living a life of luxury in paris, london and marbella . his family's assets are valued at around £64million .
pankaj saw fell three storeys from a macquarie park balcony to his death . the 29-year-old was on the phone to his wife back in india at the time . emergency services were called to the unit block at 1am on thursday . mr saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries . he was in australia on a long-stay work visa, and had been working on and off in sydney in recent years .
aaron murphy scored twice as huddersfield beat catalans dragons 38-14 . ukuma ta'ai also scored twice as huddersfield ended three-match losing run . scrum-half scott dureau bagged all three points for the giants .
the collision happened about 3pm on norfolk southern railway tracks near downtown meridian . lauderdale county coroner clayton cobler said he was withholding the 57-year-old woman's name until all family members had been notified . the last amtrak fatality in mississippi before wednesday was at a copiah county crossing in january 2013 .
gary barlow is preparing for his musical finding neverland to open and the new take that tour to begin . jason orange shocked take that fans when he quit last september but he hasn't said goodbye to them forever . gary told mailonline: 'he wants to come to the shows, he'll definitely be there. i don't think we'll be able to get him up on stage but he'll be there'
the ncaa is responding to a lawsuit filed by former university of north carolina athletes . the lawsuit claimed the students didn't get an education because they were caught up in an academic fraud . the ncaa says it has no legal responsibility to ensure the academic integrity of courses .
adam gemili says usain bolt is a joker on the circuit . bolt told gemili to have patience with athletics and have fun . gemili says he is nowhere near bolt's standard at the moment .
kanye west settles lawsuit against paparazzi photographer he assaulted . daniel ramos and his lawyer sought general and punitive damages in the civil suit . west pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery over the scuffle .
raffaele sollecito spotted shopping in rome with blonde companion . italian spent four years in prison after being found guilty of meredith's murder . comes a week after he was seen looking at a £100,000 bmw in the city . sollecito and former lover amanda knox were both acquitted in march .
anthony bethell, 74, and st john's college, oxford, locked in battle over hedge . mr bethell decided he would pay for work to restore 180-yard hedge in warwickshire . hedge, which dates back to 1686, divides mr bethell's one-acre plot from 1,200 acres . mr bethell claims st john's has refused to agree with him on the matter .
bolivia’s cal orcko paleontological site is the result of tectonic activity, forcing earth upwards . the attraction, at fancesa limestone quarry in sucre, comprises some 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints . landslides reveal new ones, some of which belong to unknown species . the wall, which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world, is approximately 390 feet (120 metres) tall .
delmarva power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning because they were behind on their utility bills . utility discovered a stolen electric meter had been illegally connected to the rental home where the family was living since november . rodney todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power . maryland law bars utilities from terminating electric service for nonpayment of bills from november 1 through march 31 without an affidavit filed to the public service commission .
'i think this is why we are having this meeting: to make sure that we are continually improving our coordination to make sure that iraqi security forces are in a position to succeed in our common mission,' he told a reporter . mr. abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones and other u.s. weapons during his visit . obama is limited by public aversion to u.s. military support .
bentley design chief luc donckerwolke criticized ford's new lincoln continental on facebook and called it a 'copy' he apparently thought the saloon shared too many similarities with the bentley flying spur . ford is reviving the lincoln continental as its top-of-the-line luxury saloon to rebuild the brand's image .
the blackout 'briefly had an impact on the white house complex,' the chief spokesman for 1600 pennsylvania avenue said . but it was 'back on the regular power source' by the time he began his briefing approximately an hour and a half later . the impact on the white house was 'minimal,' he said, but was unable to say how many offices in the west wing were affected .
harold henthorn was charged with the murder of his second wife, toni bertolet, 51, last november . police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, dr toni jill bertolet, 51 . both women died in 'freak accidents' to which henthorn, 59, was the sole witness . henthorn was the sole beneficiary of the women's substantial life insurance policies totalling $500,000 in the case of his first wife and $4.5million in the
foreign gps now account for 11 per cent of family doctors, new figure show . number will rise because nhs is short of homegrown medics, say senior doctors . nhs employs 40,584 gps, of whom 8,941 are from overseas .
45 per cent of under-30s said they had a painful back or neck . across all age groups, 86 per cent said it was a problem . almost one in four said that they are in pain on a daily basis .
newcastle host sunderland in the tyne-wear derby on sunday . ryan taylor scored the winner against sunderland at the stadium of light . the 30-year-old has been a fan in the crowd for three of the last four derby defeats .
rotherham were sanctioned for fielding an ineligible player last week . defender farrend rawson played in their 1-0 win over brighton on easter monday . a disciplinary panel will hear the case at 'the earliest opportunity' steve evans has revealed a decision is imminent on points deduction .
adam gadahn, a former little leaguer who grew up to become a spokesman for osama bin laden, was born in 1978 in oregon as adam pearlman . gadahn, who had treason charges pending against him, was killed in a drone strike in january . his work led to gadahn becoming the only american charged with treason since the world war ii era .
injured trio franck ribery, mehdi benatia, david alaba and arjen robben were forced to watch on from the sidelines . bayern raced into a 5-0 lead at half-time before claiming a 6-1 victory to win the tie 7-4 on aggregate . robben was unavailable for the champions league clash with an abdominal injury .
patriotic countrymen and women turned out in their finest red and white today to enjoy st george's day celebrations . veteran parades and morris men were seen across the country, with spectators draped in flags cheering them on . with temperatures of around 20c in parts of the country, planned outdoor events were able to go forward .
sgt. daniel knapp from jacksonville, north carolina, received combat medals after serving in afghanistan, but has been denied re-enlistment due to the service's strict policy on body ink . while the army has recently updated its policy, the marine corps introduced more stringent rules in 2010 concerning the size and placement of tattoos . knapp is considered a tier 1 marine, scoring in the top 10 percent in fitness, marksmanship, and job performance .
iain mackay, 40, 'argued with nilobon patty, 35, in a bar near bangkok' ms patty claims mr mackay, from stornoway, scotland, got into a fight after finding ms patty talking to another man in the bar' she claims mr mackay shouted at her and accused her of laughing at him . ms patty denies having anything to do with mr mackay's death .
iran's revolutionary guard is already training shia militias against isis . the basij are loyal to iran's religious leaders .
greg suhr announced in a statement friday that he has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers . the eight officers include captain jason fox, 42, a two decade veteran and sergeant michael wibunsin, a 12-year veteran . the messages were discovered by federal authorities investigating former sergeant ian furminger .
phil, who has raised sarah for 23 years, was told last year that he may not be related to her . sarah's mother dropped the bombshell and phil appeared with her on the itv show . determined to find out the truth, the pair went on the jeremy kyle show . phil said: 'i'd be over the moon if he was my father. i don't know what i will do if he's not but he will still be like father to me'
diego costa injured his hamstring in chelsea's win over stoke city on saturday . spain striker will miss four weeks with the injury, says jose mourinho . mourinho hopes costa will be fit for final four games of the season .
april 2 is autism awareness day . an 'autism assistance dog' is used to keep a child with autism safe . the dog can provide companionship for the child as well as social and emotional support for the parent to bring joy and 'brightness' to the household .
artist frank mckeever from florida created these amazing posters . they show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system . included are humans skiing on a moon of uranus and living in cities on mars . others show life on europa and near saturn - and a destroyed earth . mr mckeever says he hopes the posters encourage us to expand our presence into the solar system .
tim tebow will sign as a quarterback with the philadelphia eagles on monday . the agreement stems from a framework that was put into place when he worked out with the team last month . tebow's last regular-season nfl game appearance was with the new york jets in 2012 .
django greenblatt-seay, 33, made a craigslist ad for his 2002 ford taurus stand out by filming a commercial for the car he is selling for $3,000 . greenblatt-seay said he decided to make the video because he thought it would help spike people's interest .
tony mccoy finished third in his 17,630th race at sandown park on saturday . the 40-year-old has been champion jump jockey for the past 20 years . mccoy was joined on stage by his wife chanelle and children archie and eve . mccoy admitted that, unusually, he had difficulty sleeping last night .
anthony horowitz said books by david walliams are 'witty and entertaining' 59-year-old novelist singled out walliams' gangsta granny for criticism . he said such writers should not be 'afraid of powerful stories or serious ideas' suggested they should follow the example of authors such as john green .
barry beavis launched a legal bid to overturn his £85 parking fine . he said it was unfair, disproportionate and unenforceable . but appeal court judges ruled size of fine was neither 'extravagant or unconscionable' motoring groups reacted in fury, accusing judges of being 'out of touch' .
hillary clinton's campaign-in-waiting met saturday in its brooklyn headquarters . clinton will officially announce her presidential campaign on sunday .
lizzi crawford, 32, from stoke-on-trent piled on the pounds on a boozy diet . a stranger on a bus pointed at her and said: 'has she got a baby in her belly?' embarrassed, the mother-of-six lost more than 7st after hearing the remark .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . steven gerrard is set to start for brendan rodgers' side at wembley . gerrard served three-match ban for seeing red against man united .
shooting suspect james holmes is on trial for 165 counts . he has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity .
david haye was arrested at dubai airport and held in a police cell . the 34-year-old boxer was accused of writing cheque which bounced . haye has not fought since he defeated dereck chisora in july 2012 .
sebastian vettel won the second race of the season in malaysia . lewis hamilton and nico rosberg were beaten into second and third . mercedes chief toto wolff insists the team will just keep calm .
gareth bale is adamant that he wants to stay at real madrid . the welshman is out of wednesday's champions league tie with atletico . manchester united have been linked with a move for the £86m player .
reading face arsenal in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday . it has been 88 years since the royals last reached the last-four juncture . steve clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion .
robert downey jr was asked what he thought of director alejandro gonzalez inarritu . actor said: 'look i respect the heck out of him. i think for a man whose native tongue is spanish to be able to put together a phrase like 'cultural genocide' . comments sparked a furious backlash on twitter, with some calling it 'racist' and 'ignorant' comes just three days after the 50-year-old walked out of an interview with
viv nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961 . win, on a football betting pool, would be worth up to £5million in today's money . she splurged cash on flash cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying . tragedy struck when husband died at the wheel of his blue jaguar in 1965 . she managed to reclaim some of the money after a lengthy legal battle . but lost it all again from poor investments on the stock market . she later suffered a stroke in 2011,
nathan is seen as the next big thing in south american football . the 19-year-old has been in london for talks with the blues this week . he passed a medical on tuesday and will join fellow brazilians willian, ramires, filipe luis and oscar at stamford bridge .
voters in last year's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning tactics and fights between rival supporters . one voter complained wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the 'unfair' promise of free curry, nightclub entertainment and hotel stays . others accused politicians of 'fly-posting' while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting 'political views'
bus ploughed into the engine of the uzbekistan airways boeing 777 jet . the plane was believed to be an uzbekistan airways service . it is the second time in six months two ryanair planes have collided .
michael maggio posted details of charlize theron's adoption in january 2012 . two months later, the hollywood actress publicly announced the news . maggio has been forced to hand in his law licence because of a bribery conviction in a separate case . he faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine when he is sentenced in july .
a new york city woman was mocked after she purchased a camera that allowed her to watch her cats from her apartment . the woman, who is not being named, watched in terror as a man crawled through a window and proceeded to steal her laptop, digital camera and some jewelry . unfortunately for the thief, the entire thing was caught on camera .
anastasia pavlyuchenkova saved match point to beat sabine lisicki . svetlana kuznetsova had earlier beaten julia goerges in straight sets . russia needing one win from sunday's three matches to reach final .
michael j from michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a french fry to lure over the family pup, zayla . footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up .
simon mignolet has backed divock origi to be a success at liverpool . origi joined liverpool after impressing at last summer's world cup . the 19-year-old has scored just seven league goals this season .
a new survey has revealed that women regret their career choices more than men . with 47% of women regret their decisions, compared to only 40% of men . nearly half of women have suffered from a mental illness . one in five over-55s surveyed admitted to feelings of depression .
49% of scots plan to vote for the snp, with just 25% backing labour . labour is down four points on last month to their lowest level since 2007 . first minister nicola sturgeon insists she is taking 'nothing for granted'
aljaz bedene defeated fellow qualifier arthur de greef 6-2, 6-3 . the brit will now face third seed jiri vesely in the quarter-finals . bedene switched allegiance from slovenia to britain in march .
fulham will sound out brentford manager mark warburton about taking over at craven cottage . cottagers are deliberating over the future of kit symons who replaced felix magath in september . owner shahid khan plans to release a budget of £20million to spend on new players .
a new campaign from rape crisis london has captured hundreds of women across london in various outfits . the #thisdoesn'tmeanyes movement aims to stamp out the myth that women are 'asking for it' because of their choice of dress . the charity points out that no matter what a woman wears she never deserves to be raped and the fault is always with the attacker .
taya kyle, 40, has given an interview to 20/20's robin roberts about her life since former marine eddie ray routh was found guilty of capital murder . kyle's story is portrayed in the movie, american sniper . routh shot dead chris kyle and his friend chad littlefield on february 24 .
moore and ex-husband bruce willis purchased the south tower penthouse on the 28th floor of the historic san remo apartment building in 1990 . the 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of central park and the hudson river . if it sells for $75million, it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the upper west side in history .
romeo and juliet were found lying next to each other in a 75-million-year-old rock . palaeontologists at the university of alberta examined a pair of fossils found in mongolia, which were first described in 2001 . one is a complete skeleton, while the other is missing the middle and end of its tail . they believe they can tell males and females apart from certain tail bones .
javier hernandez scored the winner for real madrid against atletico madrid . the 26-year-old is on loan at real from manchester united . the mexican striker is not in louis van gaal's plans and could be available for around £7million . west ham are in pursuit of pedro obiang, moussa konate and fabian schar .
china has built an airstrip on disputed fiery cross reef in the spratly islands . the philippines, vietnam, malaysia, brunei and taiwan all claim the area . new satellite images reveal the country has built the runway there . they show fiery cross reef as untouched by man-made structures in 2014 . but by march this year, it had been transformed into an artificial island . it could be used for military operations and a runway could be built .
german detectives have been ‘closely monitoring developments’ in the £60 million london case . they are keen to find out if any dna was recovered from the scene of the easter weekend raid and whether it matches forensic samples found in a tunnel used in a £8.3 million robbery at the volksbank in steglitz, berlin .
steve esmond and his wife, dr theresa devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the sirenusa condominium resort in st. john . the family were airlifted to separate hospitals in philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma . sean, 16, and ryan, 14, remain in comas two weeks after being hospitalized . the us environmental protection agency said it is contacting people including employees at the resort to determine how many others might have been exposed to the pesticide .
steve esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill in st. john, delaware . they are in a critical condition at a philadelphia hospital, their lawyer says . epa says tests show pesticide was present at the villa where they were staying .
hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation (cmb) of the universe . in 2004 astronomers first found the 'cold spot' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere - and may now have an explanation . if confirmed, the supervoid would be the largest single structure ever found by humanity .
hundreds of yazidi girls and women, some as young as eight, were kidnapped by isis last year and held as sex slaves . now, some kurdish doctors are allegedly performing abortions and secret surgeries to 'reverse loss of virginity' on the victims . the women who have escaped now face being shunned by their strict religious communities, and many are erased to hide the physical evidence of their time in captivity .
ramani durvasula, a clinical psychologist in santa monica, california, says that assembling furniture at ikea can be a source of friction between couples . she revealed that so many couples admitted to her that they were prone to fighting while assembling furniture . a report by civicscience states that 17 per cent of couples confessed that they would argue every time they assembled furniture together .
andrew strauss says the kevin pietersen affair is a 'distraction' for english cricket . strauss says pietersen's story has become more of a distraction than him playing . pietersen begins his county comeback against surrey on sunday .
tiffanie didonato, 34, from swansboro, north carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia, a rare form of dwarfism . she underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4'10 tall, instead of her previous height of 3'8 . her son titan is more than half her size and is more than half her height .
baboucarr ceesay, 21, was among 900 migrants who drowned in disaster . his aunt jessica sey, from cheltenham, has spoken of her devastation . she has demanded human traffickers be brought to justice . she said: 'his mother will never get his body back. she'll never be able to ask him why he did it'
ursula ward, the mother of odin lloyd, is moving forward with a civil lawsuit against aaron hernandez . her lawyer douglas sheff said the former new england patriots player will be called to testify during the wrongful death suit . hernandez was convicted april 15 of first-degree murder for killing lloyd on june 17, 2013 .
angela maxwell won £53million with husband richard last week . the 67-year-old has returned to work at a local lunch club for pensioners . mr maxwell said she would not give up her five-hour shift despite windfall . couple said they would not change their lives too drastically despite windfall .
catalina viejo paints miniature pictures of famous bottoms from paparazzi shots rather than glossy magazine images . in total she has completed 42 tiny pictures, which are the size of a postage stamp and don't feature any faces . the 31-year-old spanish artist is currently on display at the shag gallery in brooklyn, new york .
ana figueroa, 55, has spoken out for the first time since her son nicholas, 23, died in a gas explosion on new york city's 2nd avenue last month . she said that though she cries every night, those responsible for the explosion and handling its aftermath have not reached out to her . 'nobody's spoken to me, no one has called to give condolences,' she said at a memorial to her son that was set up thursday at the site of the disaster .
synaesthesia is a neurological condition where two senses are joined together . some synaesthetes experience colour when they hear sounds or read words, while others experience tastes, smells or shapes . researchers from stanford university used data from 6,588 registered users to determine which colours are most commonly associated with which letters . they then compared these colour-letter matches to fridge magnets sold by fisher-price between 1971 and 1990 . results revealed that at least six per cent (400 out of the 6588 participants) learnt 'many of their matches' from the fisher
leonardo jardim believes monaco's progress to the champions league quarter-finals is proof that clubs do not need to splash the cash to achieve european success . the russian billionaire has tightened the purse strings in recent seasons . les rouges et blancs are third in ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the semi-finals for the first time in 11 years .
yaphank, in the 1930s, appeared as a haven for americans--most of them of german heritage--who sympathized with the causes of the third reich . in fact, it was largely founded as a nazi camp, one of several scattered across the u.s. where the children in the german american bund (aka american nazis) could fish, swim, hunt and learn about things like eugenics .
surveillance video shows a sound transit link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in south seattle . all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path . the car is then rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill as a street light gets sent flying . the 50-year-old driver of the car was trapped for about 15 minutes as firefighters fought to dismantle the wreckage . he was taken to harborview medical center in seattle for treatment of minor injuries .
joe root scored 182 runs on day four of the second test in grenada . the yorkshire county cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves . james anderson carelessly strolled back and failed to run his bat into the ground . root and anderson made up as they returned to the pavilion for lunch .
andy murray weds kim sears in dunblane, scotland . the couple met at the u.s. open in 2005 and got engaged in november last year .
those living in esher and walton parliamentary constituency pay most income tax . average annual income is £59,600 - more than £30,000 above average gross salary . other top five highest income tax-paying constituencies are in home counties . only one of top ten constituencies, tatton in cheshire, is outside south-east .
troy deeney is hoping to lead watford to the premier league next season . the hornets are one point off the top of the championship with five games left . deeney has scored 64 goals in 123 league games this season .
javier hernandez has one year left on his contract at real madrid . the 26-year-old has scored three goals in his last two games . real madrid have 48 hours to make a decision on hernandez's future . click here for all the latest real madrid news .
danish man, known as donor 7042, carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (nf1) it can pass on a severe, life-limiting condition to his offspring . he is understood to have fathered 99 'viking babies' across the world . a child born from a parent with nf1 has up to a 50 per cent chance of developing the disease .
advisers to president tomislav nikolic described being 'thrown around the cabin' investigation determined that the co-pilot spilled coffee on the instrument board 'due to ongoing turbulence' the 34-year-old french-built falcon 50 landed safely back in belgrade . nikolic was forced to cancel his official visit to meet pope francis .
jermain defoe scored a volley in the tyne-wear derby on sunday . charlie adam scored an audacious long-range effort against chelsea . alexis sanchez and bobby zamora also made the top five .
uk brand to open second store in sydney's westfield miranda on thursday 16th april . cheyenne tozzi and nic westaway will host four days of shopper specials . uk brand promises to deliver over 180 new styles straight from london each week .
derby want burnley manager sean dyche to replace steve mcclaren . mcclaren has been linked with a move to newcastle and sunderland . burnley host tottenham in the championship play-offs on sunday .
jeffrey williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on march 12 during a rally sparked by the resignation of ferguson's police chief . all inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them . despite the warning williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the st. louis county justice center .
jason gillespie has been appointed the new coach of adelaide strikers . the 39-year-old has been an influential figure at headingley since joining the county as first-team coach in november 2011 . gillespie will begin his role with the south australian franchise in december, when the next edition of the bbl gets under way .
the 28-year-old flame-haired beauty recently spent a stint on the stage, starring in a west end production of david mamet’s speed the plow . '[london] feels like home, i miss it every time i have to leave for work and can’t wait to get back,’ she told homme style magazine .
graeme mcdowell is hoping to improve on his masters record this week . mcdowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the masters . the 35-year-old admits he has sometimes needed to spend time in a padded room after failing to get to grips with the challenges posed by augusta national .
colombia paid tony blair associates for work advising mining industry . mr blair last week denied being in the 'league of the super-rich' .
bridget klecker, 42, of san francisco, died on friday after being struck by a car fleeing police in san francisco . police tried to stop the suspects' stolen car around 10pm on friday just moments after they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns . the car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk, killing her .
graeme dott beat ricky walden 10-8 at the crucible in sheffield . the 37-year-old is through to the last 16 of the betfred world championships . john higgins impressed with a 10-5 victory over robert milkins .
clermont auvergne thrashed northampton 37-5 at stade marcel michelin . nick abendanon was man of the match for the third time this season . steffon armitage's world cup dispensation has been discussed .
new zealand photographer amos chapple travelled the world with a quadcopter in his backpack between 2012 and 2014 . restrictions have been implemented across the world due to privacy concerns, commercial rights and concerns about crashes in the air . mr chapple re-posted his aerial drone shots under a new blog post: 'my aerial drone shots would be totally illegal today'
wine experts have created a guide to matching wine with snacks . tasters at jacob's creek sampled different types of wine with 10 snacks . riesling goes great with nachos and shiraz rose with salt and vinegar crisps .
david cameron set out seven key tory policies to help get people on property ladder . he said a million people will be able to realise dream of home ownership by 2020 . tory leader wore clean work boots as he chatted to house builders .
work has started on repairing the roof of silverstone's motor racing circuit . part of the $40million (£27m) corporate building was damaged on sunday and monday due to high winds . silverstone sporting director stuart pringle insists upcoming races will not be affected by recent damage .
amit yadav, 20, was driving up to 25 miles over the speed limit when he lost control and smashed into an oncoming renault cleo in dagenham, london . his two friends - brothers haider, 20, and taimur kayani, 17, were killed in the collision . none of the passengers in the civic were wearing seatbelts at the time of the collision, according to crash scene investigators .
james houlder and girlfriend vicki hood booked holiday in sharm el sheikh . but within hours of arriving they became violently ill with sickness and diarrhoea . mr houlder, 30, has since developed irritable bowel syndrome (ibs) it is a digestive complaint which can leave him in crippling pain .
louis jordan, 37, who was stranded 200 miles off the coast of north carolina, suffered no sun damage, was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital . the coast guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel, expecting him to be covered in blisters and have severe sunburn . a four-man helicopter team hoisted jordan off the german vessel on thursday .
kay hafford, 28, was shot in the back of the head in houston, texas . dietrich evans, 22, arrested on suspicion of shooting her in the head . evans has been charged with aggravated assault and is being held on $250,000 bond . ms hafford was able to pull over and call for help after being shot in the head .
marseille host paris saint-germain in ligue 1 on sunday night . blue-collar marseille are ligue 1 top scorers, two points behind leaders psg . psg have won seven of france’s last eight classique matches .
everton captain phil jagielka took part in a cookery lesson at chaophraya restaurant in liverpool . the toffees have been sponsored by thai beverage chang beer for over 11 years . jagielka scored the winner against southampton on saturday .
jon stewart will host his final the daily show on august 6 . he announced a competition to win tickets to the final show . stewart said he was becoming increasingly depressed watching cable news . trevor noah, 31, will replace stewart, who has been accused of antisemitism for comments made about jews in tweets dating back to 2009 .
chad hurst of salt lake city, utah, spoke to a young man about his foul language during their flight from denver, colorado on sunday . the young man then sucker punched hurst in the stomach . hurst then grabbed the young man by the shoulder, put his hands behind his back and took him down until police arrived . the young man was charged with assault and public intoxication .
italy drew 1-1 with england at juventus stadium on tuesday night . antonio conte guided juventus to three serie a titles as manager . conte replaced cesare prandelli as italy boss in august .
crown princess mary, 43, visited a farm in kirke hyllinge, a village in zealand . princess isabella, seven, and twins josephine and prince vincent, four, were there . the visit was part of denmark's annual eco day celebrations .
french free diver jumped into dean's blue hole in the bahamas . guillame néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge . the hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he doesn't go to the bottom . free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes .
ariana mason, 21, filed a civil rights lawsuit against officer shawn izzo . she says he put her in a 'stranglehold' at a las vegas hotel last august . cctv footage shows her face being smashed into a table-top . ariana's aunt is rolonda watts, a television and radio talk show host .
arsenal host chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday at 4pm . mesut ozil took to instagram to show off his new apple watch . the 26-year-old compares his watch to michael knight from knight rider .
the panel of eight medical professionals will advise the fa on what can be done to make the game safer . head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since hugo lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with romelu lukaku in 2013 . recently, the jeff astle foundation has been raising awareness of the danger of long-term head injuries from playing football .
former rep aaron schock, 33, resigned from the house last month amid questions about his extravagant spending . marshall county board voted last week to send a bill for $76,000 to the peoria republican . schock redecorated his washington office in the decadent style of television show downton abbey .
labour leader wants councils to encourage building by putting up tax on unused land . sites still left idle could be compulsorily purchased for use by another developer . institute of directors describes the land grab as a 'stalinist attack on property rights'
shahnawaz, 40, was returning home from a family function with his sons . his motorcycle grazed a car near turkman gate in daryaganj, delhi . the driver of the car reportedly told shahnawaz to move his bike . shadab reportedly told shahnawaz to move his bike as he was unable to manoeuvre his car . shadab reportedly told shahnawaz to move his bike .
barcelona reached champions league semi-finals at paris saint germain . neymar opened the scoring for barcelona in the 14th minute . dani alves doubled barcelona's lead from a dani alves cross . lionel messi scored barcelona's third in the first half .
the men's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on a new wave of patriotism sweeping russia . the move comes ahead of a giant military parade in red square on may 9 to mark the 70th anniversary of end of second world war .
stephen gilbert was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election . he joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' after posting photo online . lib dem insiders today admitted the party is on course to lose 20 mps .
kamron taylor was caught in south side, chicago, with a loaded gun . he had been awaiting sentencing at jerome combs detention center in kankakee, illinois, for the murder of nelson williams jr. in february, he shouted at the victim's family in court: 'i'm going to get you mother*******' on tuesday he attacked a guard unconscious and stole his uniform, keys and suv 
pema lama, 15, was pulled from the rubble of a guesthouse in kathmandu . he became 'pancaked' between two floors when the quake hit on saturday . he was carried out on a stretcher by medics who had placed an iv drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck . his astonishing tale of survival came as a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother after being rescued from rubble .
alice barker was a dancer in new york in the 1930s and 1940s . she had never seen any motion pictures made of her .
golden state warriors beat new orleans pelicans 123-119 in overtime . golden state completed a 20-point comeback to lead play-off series 3-0 . chicago defeated milwaukee bulls 113-106 in double overtime .
peter kelly, a 34-year-old volunteer high school wrestling coach, was stabbed in the chest beside the st croix river on tuesday . the men were on the minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down . for the next three hours, kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the other anglers . the argument escalated and one of the men pulled out a knife and stabbed kelly
inter milan and inter drew 1-1 in the 214th derby della madonnina . philippe mexes thought he had scored an own goal, but it was ruled out . both sides struggled to create clear-cut chances .
patrick bamford has been named the championship player of the year . middlesbrough striker was on loan from chelsea to the riverside stadium . the 21-year-old beat competition from daryl murphy and troy deeney .
mitchell keenan, 32, was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago . his blackened toes were so bad they could not be saved and had to be amputated . he had been living in a tent with his father keith after they were evicted . mr keenan's aunt dawn doyle, 54, said: 'it's absolutely outrageous'
eagle scout brian gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his brooklyn, new york, home on february 17 . his family started a frantic search in the local community, warning people of his disability which made it hard for him to understand spoken language . but police said friday his body had been discovered at marine park golf club, just two miles from his home .
bridget olinda garcia, 32, had confiscated her 13-year-old's mobile phone . she was leaving the house in port st. lucie, south-east florida, following 'a brief altercation' after bundling his three siblings into her car, garcia started reversing down her driveway, when the teenager jumped on the hood . witnesses say garcia continued to reverse the car for 200ft, before driving onwards some 200ft with her son on the hood before stopping . as she stopped the
a group of chelsea fans labelled themselves the 'c-team' in a lighthearted attempt to lay a blue marker . the pranksters parked up outside arsenal's north london home wearing jose mourinho, diego costa, didier drogba and cesc fabregas masks . as the famous a-team soundtrack kicks in, a narrator claims a portuguese general put together a crack commando unit in 2004 .
stephen ward should be back for burnley after overcoming ankle injury . matt taylor is also nearing a return after resuming training . dean marney and kevin long remain on the long-term absentee list . tottenham goalkeeper hugo lloris will miss out with a knee injury .
small businesses will be forced to close over the easter long weekend . operators will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay . this would allow young workers to earn around $50 an hour as a casual . but the australian chamber of commerce has launched a campaign . the too big to ignore campaign will allow small businesses to put up posters in their windows explaining why they are closed .
the mail on sunday was voted sunday newspaper of the year for a third year in a row . a hat-trick in the prestigious london press club awards is unprecedented for a quality family newspaper . craig brown was nominated this time as arts reviewer of the year .
ukip leader said 'millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in europe . he urged david cameron to resist pressure for britain to take in refugees . 950 people drowned in a shipwreck off the coast of libya on saturday . up to 30,000 migrants, including 2,500 children, could be killed this year .
temperatures could rise as high as 25c (77f) by wednesday, forecasters predict . met office has forecast warmer-than-average temperatures for april, may and june of this year . severe wind warning in place until 5pm today for north wales and northern england .
danny rose and aaron cresswell have been linked with a move to manchester city . roberto mancini's relationship with the club was rooted in his dismay at the quality of english players signed by the club . the etihad campus is a glittering monument to football development .
the western esplanade cul-de-sac of 11 white art deco houses with private beaches is a real-life version of the tv comedy stella street . the homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer michael paget baxter when overcrowding on british beaches meant that a private beach was the last word in luxury . one of the houses has just come on the market, for a guide price of £4million .
manchester united have been linked with a move for edinson cavani . the uruguayan hasn't impressed in the premier league this season . louis van gaal prefers to work with younger players at old trafford .
departing ecb chairman giles clarke made a fool of himself at the wisden almanack launch . clarke arrived upset that the new ecb regime had just sacked his england managing director appointment, paul downton . clarke confronted guest speaker ehsan mani and sportsmail's lawrence booth .
kyle knox, 23, from london, was last seen at start of route for 4409-ft ben nevis . he failed to return to his accommodation in fort william area yesterday . police scotland said force had no information to suggest he was an experienced walker and believe he attempted to climb mountain alone .
ssangyong (korean for 'two dragons') is launching a new value for money sports utility vehicle . the tivoli suv is powered by 1.6 litre euro 6 petrol and diesel engines with six speed manual and automatic transmissions . it arrives in the uk this summer in three trim levels - se, ex, elx .
sammy griner's mother, laney, set up a gofundme page to raise the $75,000 her husband, justin, needs for a kidney transplant . justin, 39, discovered his kidneys were failing before the birth of their son and he now spends about four hours a day, three days a week on dialysis . sammy's face has since been used to create the internet's most positive meme .
xie hong feng was found dead after falling five floors down a lift shaft . her three-year-old son has been accused of pushing her to her death . the 45-year-old died after falling down the shaft in ningbo city, china .
titled 'battle for sevastopol' in russia but 'indestructible' across ukraine . $5m (£3m) movie about female sharpshooter nicknamed 'lady death' launched last week with gala premieres in both moscow and kiev . director sergei mokritsky: 'i am hoping film will unite people'
porn film was filmed on board the epping ongar historic railway in essex . in the 28 minute movie a woman, dressed as a school girl, has sex with a man . the storyline, which is apparently set in the 1940s, then moves to a wooden-panelled train carriage where the pair have sex . locals in the area were shocked to learn the location had been rented out to american adult film company brazzers .
the australian it crowd are following in the footsteps of the beckhams and kim kardashian by taking their children to fashion week . the offspring of some of sydney's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of ellery, alice mccall and maticevski . pr maven roxy jacenko brought her daughter along to the ten pieces show at bondi icebergs on thursday .
the shiva temple pagoda and its twin, the narayan temple pagoda, have been obliterated . kathmandu's other pagodas, stupas and shrines suffered surprisingly little damage . the worst architectural losses have included the majestic shiva temple pagoda .
the lunar event lasted only five minutes, making it the shortest eclipse of the century, nasa said . the best spot this morning was at the mississippi river, where spectators caught the entire five minutes of the orb around 5am pt . the eclipse could also be seen in its entirety on saturday night from eastern australia, new zealand and japan .
hayleigh mcbay, 17, pretended to dump david clarke via whatsapp at midnight . but he pretended that he also wanted to break up with her . she texted him saying: 'i don't want to be with you any more. i am not happy' but david replied: 'thank god you said it first so i didn't have to' shocked, hayleigh shot back: 'what? what do you mean? so you don't want to be with me?'
elizabeth 'elle' edmunds, 31, established an online fundraising page claiming she had ovarian cancer in august 2014 . police alleged she used a falsified doctor's certificate stating she had terminal cancer to raise about $2500 from her page . in february, ms edmunds told a belmont local court she was put up to the act by her violent partner john heagney . she was issued a court notice this week for the offence of two counts of obtaining benefits by
justin rose finished superbly on saturday to earn place in final pairing . phil mickelson and charley hoffman will tee off at 19.40 (bst) world no 1 rory mcilroy is paired with tiger woods on final day . paul casey and ian poulter tee off at 19.00 .
the company said the total number of containers in the recall comes to 'approximately 30,000' only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company's classic hummus . the company said that customers will be refunded if they return the products to stores .
brian cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in bangor, maine on thursday when he discovered the wet stack of cash beneath a large piece of paper . he immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and, realizing it was a sizable sum, they then contacted the police department . officer dustin dow went to the store to take the report and learned that a man had visited the security office last winter to claim he had lost about $4,000 in the parking lot . chen went to
chancellor says labour has 'form' on jacking up income tax and national insurance . insists ed balls and ed miliband would do the same if given chance . david cameron will say there is just one month to save britain from miliband .
five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops . police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs confronted vigilantes . more than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station in johannesburg .
robbie fowler has named his all-star starting xi . fernando hierro, paolo maldini, fabio cannavaro and fernando maldini also feature in fowler's xi . the former england striker has scored 162 premier league goals .
an average australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin . dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in australian homes . more than 1,000 dust mites live in just one metre square of carpet and they produce approximately 2000 droppings in their lifetime . the odd shaped critters increase two to three fold during late autumn to winter leading thousands of australians to suffer from common cold or flu-like symptoms .
michelle mone bought glasgow townhouse off-plan after 2011 split from husband . she paid £780,700 for duplex in park circus area, glasgow, in 2011 . it boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than £1m . ms mone will now move back into five-bedroom mansion in thorntonhall, lanarkshire .
dna extracted from bones found in cave in altamura, southern italy, has revealed they belong to a neanderthal who fell down a sinkhole around 150,000 years ago . he was wedged in the narrow space and probably badly injured . over the thousands of years that followed, the body decayed and the remaining bones became incorporated into the stalactites left behind by water dribbling down the cave walls .
a fiery stoush erupted between news corp australia ceo julian clarke and a senator who questioned why the company runs a national newspaper at a multi-million dollar loss . clarke was peppered with questions from greens senator christine milne about why the australian newspaper continues to operate as a business when it is not profitable . 'you're a minority,' mr clarke fired back. 'not from the number of people who buy your newspaper,' ms milne responded .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town . only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters, promoters, television networks and the mgm grand . ade adebayo, 34, from brighton was lucky enough to get a ticket when they were released last week . here he tells us his story and his hopes for the fight .
dead fish wash up on the banks of the rodrigo de freitas lake in rio de janeiro . the lake is scheduled to hold the 2016 olympic rowing and canoe competitions . officials say recent rains and high sea levels caused the lake's temperature to plummet .
the man, wearing an orange high-vis jacket, was caught on camera . he could be seen leaning out the sliding door of the vauxhall vivaro van . the van was travelling at 85mph down the outside lane of the motorway . the incident is believed to have gone on for five minutes . kj rail has called the man in for a disciplinary hearing tomorrow .
gunmen abducted warren weinstein in 2011 from his home in lahore, parkistan . they pistol-whipped him and tied up his guards, his family says .
mauricio pochettino could be the saviour of english football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent . the argentine has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in england just over two years ago . harry kane, andros townsend, ryan mason and kyle walker all played for england this week .
builders are perched thousands of feet up a mountain in pingjiang county, hunan province . they spend their days hauling planks and wheelbarrows full of cement over a rickety wooden walkway . officials hope that the road will draw thousands more tourists to the area, as they flock to walk along the scenic route .
chihuahua cheech was run over by 'speeding cyclist' in regents park, london . furious duchess of cambridge's uncle gary goldsmith took to twitter . he posted picture of alleged culprit with message: 'evil s***... coming to get ya' millionaire businessman was caught up in tabloid sting .
hector bellerin has been linked with a move back to barcelona . the 20-year-old left the catalan giants four years ago . psg and manchester united are also interested in the spaniard .
kareem abdul-jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery on april 16 . abdul-jabbar, 68, had quadruple coronary bypass surgery . the successful surgery cleared a major blockage from the hall of famer's heart . abdul-jabbar led ucla to three consecutive nba titles and was named most valuable player of the ncaa tournament for three straight years .
arnold breitenbach of st. george wanted to get 'cib-69' put on a license plate commemorating the year he was wounded and awarded a purple heart in 1969 . the utah division of motor vehicles denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations . breitenbach had been an armored personnel carrier's gunner during his time in the army .
jordan henderson has signed a new long-term contract with liverpool . the england vice captain will stay at anfield until the summer of 2020 . philippe coutinho and daniel sturridge have already signed long-term deals .
liverpool's sponsorship agreement with standard chartered bank has been extended for three years . standard chartered signed up as the reds' main sponsor in july 2010 . this is the fifth season the company's logo has appeared on the team's shirts .
indian creek island road's population of 86 includes four of america’s top 500 richest people . they are activist investor carl icahn; hedge fund manager eddie lampert; car dealership owner norman braman and mutual fund mogul charles johnson . the island has its own police force which guards all of the amenities, including a private 18-hole golf course .
horse attempted to jump peugeot 206 car with glass still in windscreen . one animal can be seen crashing head first into turf, dismounting rider . jump could have seen it suffer deep wounds or even fatal broken legs . number of horses said to have left field with injuries at event .
ronaldo brown has joined oldham athletic after being released by liverpool . the 16-year-old is named after brazil's former striker ronaldo . brown also has a twin brother called rivaldo .
efe obada will join the dallas cowboys in texas next month . the 22-year-old londoner played just five games for the london warriors . obada was mentored by warriors defensive co-ordinator aden durde .
pietro boselli, 26, originally from brescia, italy, is an advanced maths lecturer with a phd . he taught at university college london where he has amassed a following of nearly half a million users on instagram . he admits he tried to keep his double life as a model a secret from colleagues and students for fear they might 'look down on him' .
manchester united face manchester city at old trafford on sunday . louis van gaal's side are four points clear at the top of the premier league . wayne rooney, ander herrera and robin van persie all in action .
west ham are top of the premier league fair play table, just above burnley . the hammers have won once in their last 10 league matches . sam allardyce's side face champions manchester city on sunday .
heckling and racist abuse allegedly occurred during milan's under-10 win over paris saint-germain on sunday . milan says it does 'not want to magnify the issue' and 'truly hopes that these reports aren't true or that it was simply a sporadic incident' kevin prince boateng led his teammates off the field to protest racial abuse by opposing fans during a friendly in january 2013 .
neymar posted a photo of himself with luis suarez and lionel messi . the brazilian captioned the photo: ‘buena victoria chavaleeeeees ... daleeee!’ . the phrase translated: ‘great victory lads... come on!’ .
stephen dodd took picture of asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying at anfield . he captioned it: 'muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #disgrace' liverpool promised to take 'appropriate action' against the fan .
respected pr peggy siegal said voting panel objected to steve mcqueen winning . she said the academy did not want such a dark message about us to be 'sent around the world' emails reveal a hollywood blockbuster of dr who is in the works .
celtic lost 4-1 to legia warsaw in champions league qualifying last summer . the spfl champions command lucrative fees for pre-season commitments . celtic have also taken on trips to australia and the far east in recent seasons .
teng jiazhi or 'uncle teng,' from shenyang, north china, came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago when he picked up a couple of tourists in -30c . uncle teng picks up eighty passengers a day and at least twenty take selfies with him .
manchester united's humiliation of city continued their outstanding record . louis van gaal's team sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game after 10 matches . chelsea (1.56) and city (1.5) sit second and third respectively .
cancer research uk found 'achilles heel' in prostate cancer which could lead to better treatment for many men . disease claims almost 11,000 lives a year in the uk, with most deaths occurring after it spreads around the body . scientists studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten affected men . reading the dna revealed details of how the cancer metastasises, or spreads, allowing them to build a ‘family tree’ of how the disease changes over time .
limited edition watches from luxury electronics firm goldgenie . they come in 38mm and 42mm (1.5 and 1.65 inches) sizes . most expensive edition costs up to £2,500 more in the uk . at the lower end of the scale british buyers pay up to £63 more for the sport model . they can be ordered with a diamond encrusted solid gold link bracelet strap . one version has a one carat diamond and a python skin strap .
ferme de montagne proprietors suzanne dixon-hudson and her husband henry suggested we meet there for cocktails . staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the mayfair hotel before the start of each new season .
ap mccoy has been booked for mr mole in the grade one ap mccoy celebration chase at 3.15 . his last ever mount will be box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle which has drawn a 20-runner line-up . the race which was scheduled to be the last on the card has been moved forward to 4.25 .
month-old cubs, born march 11, were captured on video sitting before press and public at leningrad zoo in saint petersburg . the two cubs - one black and one spotty - are the fifth brood of mother and father agnes and rock . according to the zoo, the two young cats have both reached an ideal weight of 3kg and their teeth have already started to grow .
log in to your google account and click on a calendar view to take a look at what you searched for on any given date . click the settings button on the top right corner to download the database . to delete your entire search history, click settings, remove items and pick a time frame, such 'from the beginning of time'
oscar has struggled to make an impact for chelsea this season . the brazil international cost chelsea £19.35m this summer . juventus and liverpool are interested in signing the 23-year-old . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
fiona cullum, 25, provided safe haven for hassan hussain and yassin james . they were hunted by police for gunning down innocent nursery teacher sabrina moss . cullum lied to officers when quizzed about hussain after he was arrested in 2013 . miss moss' friend sabrina gachette, 24, was lucky to survive the attack .
hull city are currently fourth-bottom of the premier league . steve bruce has revealed that players will have their salaries cut if they are relegated . the tigers boss said all players' contracts have been set up to protect the club financially in the event of relegation .
london mayor has set out vision of 'moral purpose' in business and politics . praised coalition for keeping down unemployment and not returning to dole queues of 1980s britain . labour’s stephen pound accused mr johnson of 'breath-taking cheek'
eloise parry, known as ella, 'burned up from the inside' after swallowing dnp . she began feeling unwell at lunchtime and drove herself to hospital . doctors carried out a toxicity test and discovered she was in grave danger . her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat . despite doctors desperately trying to stabilise her, she died three hours later .
trabzon governor abdulcelil oz said the driver appeared to have been hit by a bullet, after initially stating he may have been hit by a stone . fenerbahce tv maintained the bus was attacked by an assailant with a shotgun . the bus was going over a viaduct on its way from the city of rize to the airport in trabzon to return to istanbul .
marcos rojo went away during a week off for manchester united . rojo posed for a picture at the dinner table with family and friends . fitness instructor sarah watson claims rojo tried to frame her for blackmail .
toulon won back-to-back european crowns to signal the end of the heineken cup era . no side has ever won three european titles on the trot . leicester and munster have also previously registered back-to-back triumphs .
george davon kennedy of dekalb, georgia, a student at middle tennessee state university, was taken in tuesday night . police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in panama city . he now joins two other men who were arrested late last week .
tiger woods showed up to the event at the augusta national golf club in augusta, georgia, with his two children, sam, 8, and charlie, 6, and his girlfriend lindsey vonn . vonn was dressed in a floor-length, spaghetti strap gown, accessorized with diamonds and louis vuitton . bubba watson's wife angie donned the typical white jumpsuit and caddied along side her son caleb while she carried her infant daughter dakota .
brave souls can walk on a glass floor or hang over the edge of the cn tower in toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system . to access pulpit rock in norway, visitors must hike more than two miles to access the site . the world's highest full circle cliff has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982ft .
senior writer for the australian financial review has labelled anzacs 'racist yobs' geoff winestock has spoken out in support of scott mcintyre . mcintyre was fired on sunday after condemning anzac day on twitter . sbs managing director michael ebeid and director of sport, ken shipp said his 'highly inappropriate and disrespectful' comments have 'caused his on-air position at sbs to become untenable'
labour leader refused several chances to say harriet harman would get the second most powerful job if he gets to number 10 . snub comes just three days after miss harman made clear that she intended to take the role were labour to make it back into power .
rose mcgrath was dismissed from st joseph middle school in battle creek, michigan, for not meeting academic and attendance standards . the 7th-grader is in remission but still recovering from treatments for acute lymphoblastic leukemia, which started in 2012 . the school wrote in a letter addressed to rose's father that officials worked with her but absences 'hampered her academic performance'
at least 15 fortune 500 companies, many of them worth north of a $1 billion, paid zero income taxes in 2014 . cbs, general electric and mattel all successfully manipulated the u.s. tax code to avoid paying taxes on their massive profits . cbs made $1.8 billion in u.s. profits last year and received a $235 million tax rebate .
the 750-piece collection, which fetched a total of $3.64 million, featured bronze sculptures, jewelry and a number of decorative arts and paintings . bacall, who died in august 2014 at the age of 89, first shot to international fame in 1944 with her first film, "to have and have not"
damon albarn said modern pop stars are 'talking platitudes' and singing about themselves . the 47-year-old said they could be using their music to make political statements . blur shot to success with parklife in 1995 and became one of the best known bands in pop .
juventus were beaten 0-0 by ac milan in the 2003 champions league final . gianluigi buffon was celebrating reaching the semi-finals . bayern munich, real madrid and barcelona are on the way to the last four .
israeli jews stood in silence as sirens wailed across the country on thursday marking holocaust memorial day and 70 years since the liberation of the nazi death camps . traffic came to a standstill and pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as the sirens rang out . commemorations began at sunset on wednesday and were to continue thursday with israeli leaders attending official ceremonies .
media executives who spoke to politico say that information given to the press from the nbc investigation into brian williams was designed to make the disgraced anchor resign . williams was suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged he repeatedly lied about being on a military helicopter hit by an rpg over iraq . politico claims that williams could receive up to $30million in an exit agreement with nbc .
the shcherbakov family adopted the cub after it wandered up to their gate . the bear, nicknamed mishutka, will soon become a massive beast . he will pose a danger to the family and become expensive to feed and shelter .
11 percent of computer scientists haven't had sex, according to a new study . physicists, dentists and law students are all less likely to have had sex . history of art, philosophy, languages, business and politics also less likely .
the bell 525 relentless has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort . the state-of-the-art helicopter is expected to make its maiden flight this year with purchasers forking out $15million (£10.12m) the craft is aimed to be a limo in the sky for offshore oil and operations and also expects to be used for difficult search-and-rescue and firefighting missions .
38-year-old liana barrientos pleaded not guilty on friday based on charges that she married 10 men over 11 years and charged a fee for her 'services' she allegedly used an emergency exit door at a bronx subway station instead of paying for a metro card . barrientos was granted the new charge of theft of service, and was released without any bail being set .
tranmere lost 3-0 to oxford at prenton park on saturday afternoon . fans called for manager micky adams to leave the club by mutual consent . assistant alan rogers and academy manager shaun garnett will take temporary charge of first-team affairs .
action-packed photographs were captured by roger byng, 67, in slimbridge, gloucester . grandfather-of-nine was in a hide photographing small british birds . but his relaxing day came to an explosive end when he noticed a charging fox .
wolfsburg host napoli in the europa league quarter-finals on thursday . rafa benitez admits he tried to sign andre schurrle from chelsea in january . the napoli boss also tried to sign ivan perisic and luiz gustavo .
gianluigi buffon has been a goalkeeper for juventus for 20 years . buffon has played alongside andrea pirlo, paval nedved and lilian thuram . the italian recalls the great names he played alongside and against .
jon huxley, 46, hopes to cash in on the fifty shades effect . he plans to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons at his hotel . mr huxley has been in a dispute with shepway district council for months .
dr. anthony j. moschetto allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed . moschetto first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man's office; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal . investigators who went to moschetto's home in sands point on long island's gold coast found a weapons cache in a secret room that was accessed through a motorized bookshelf .
john kounios and mark beeman have written a new book, "the eureka factor" it explores the influences at work behind that much sought-after "aha!" moment . insights occur when a subconscious remote association suddenly pops into awareness .
maitland local karen newton performed the last post from the water's edge to stranded residents of gillieston heights . ms newton had just finished playing at the kurri kurri dawn service and was on her way to deliver food to the victims of the floods . the video, which has over 5,000 views on facebook, captures the dawn anzac day experience .
the celebratory collection kicked off proceedings for mercedes benz fashion week that officially begins this sunday, april 12 . the collection features bold indian pinks, buttercup yellows and electric blues against a backdrop of zampatti's signature black and white tailored pieces . shanina shaik, kerri-anne kennerley, and terry biviano, were joined by fashion influencers kate waterhouse margaret zhang and tanja gacic .
tv5monde regains control of one of its 11 channels after a cyberattack crippled its broadcasts . the network also lost control of its social media outlets and its websites .
a passenger says a stranger sitting behind him tried to choke him . "with a rope, something that he has, he just jumped on me," the passenger says .
fadime gurgen says her family has had close friendships with armenians going back generations . most turks do not believe the events of 1915 were genocide, according to a recent poll . the turkish government denies that a genocide took place .
student demonstrators who walked on an american flag to protest racism sparked a countermovement . valdosta state university found itself in the center of a controversy after a video showed an air force veteran and former playboy model, michelle manhart, taking an american flag from demonstrators . at the protest, held a week ago, manhart was detained by police when she refused to return the flag . she later was banned from the campus of 11,500 students .
scientists in california have described how to create artificial auroras on earth . they said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space . it would then fire high-energy beams back at earth's atmosphere . pulses of the beam would last just 0.1 microseconds and would last just 0.1 microseconds . the aurora borealis is caused when electrons from the solar wind collide with atoms of oxygen and nitrogen in the earth's atmosphere .
the black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the clarence j. brown dam and reservoir in springfield, ohio, on saturday afternoon . he apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering some duck hunting gear . luckily, he had a cell phone on hand to call 911 .
leo bernal, 8, was shot in the head as he lay in bed at his home in culver city, california, on sunday night . he was released from the hospital on friday, five days after the shooting . doctors had to open his skull to extract the bullet, leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 medical staples .
daniel sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by kop kids presenter paisley . the liverpool frontman showed off his shapes but was left red-faced . the 25-year-old revealed he wasn't a fan of one direction despite posting a picture of himself with band member louis tomlinson in march .
two men were caught trying to sneak into syria to join the islamic state . they were caught on a familiar route leading into the middle east from turkey . it's claimed they were on their way to join the terror group . turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty and intelligence-sharing agreement .
rafael nadal beat nicolas almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the barcelona open third round . world no 4 will face kei nishikori in the last 16 of the catalan open . nadal is bidding for his ninth career title on the catalan clay court .
a nasa astrophysicist named an asteroid after malala yousafzai . the asteroid circles the sun between mars and jupiter every five and half years .
51-year-old fiona fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her young daughter on thursday night . she said she knew the assailant had 'picked the wrong lady' as she became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and pushed him from her perth home . fiona said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage .
valbona yzeiraj was arrested on thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment . authorities said the 45-year-old woman, from white plains, did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients' teeth . she was fired from ultimate dental care of riverdale after the company found out she was illegally performing as a dentist from late 2012 to summer 2013 .
the nissan note mk1 was the most uncomfortable car with just 80 per cent . hyundai i20 mk1 came second with 81.01 per cent of the vote . three designs by german manufacturer volkswagen make it into bottom ten .
jessica carey drove three hours to washington to see her grandmother . revealed she had a childhood portrait of patty lawing tattooed on her arm . patty's heartwarming reaction was captured on film by a relative .
calbuco volcano erupted again thursday, marking the third time since last week . gregorio billikopf lives across lake llanquihue from the volcano . "on a good day i can see about eight volcanoes," billikopf says .
rory mcilroy will play one direction at the masters on wednesday . niall horan will carry mcilroy's bag at augusta national golf club . mcilroy piqued interest at last year's masters when then fiancee caroline wozniacki donned the caddie's famous white boiler suit .
clarke carlisle stepped in front of a 12-ton truck in yorkshire in december . he suffered cuts, bruises, internal bleeding, a broken rib and a shattered knee . the 35-year-old played 131 times for the clarets between 2007 and 2012 .
toulon fly half matt giteau is eligible to play for the wallabies again . he has not played for australia since missing out on selection for the 2011 world cup in new zealand . the aru have announced they will pick 'elite' players based abroad . nick kennedy was a toulon team-mate during the 2012-13 european campaign .
gloucester will play edinburgh in the challenge cup final on saturday . the cherries beat exeter at kingsholm to earn a place at the twickenham stoop . victory would also earn the west country side a play-off spot for next season’s champions cup .
sky launched its buy and keep scheme for sky+hd subscribers in april 2014 . it lets people stream movies straight to their tv, or to their mobiles using an app . films can also be watched across multiple devices using a 'follow me' function . films can be bought by creating an account, or signing in, at skystore.com or through the sky store app on android and ios .
emma jackson, 28, moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in hull just over a year ago . within a week, her dream home turned into a nightmare thanks to her neighbour . mark ray, 56, waged a year-long campaign of terror against ms jackson . ms jackson was subjected to a barrage of abuse and stalked by mr ray .
kyle toth, who runs his own custom woodworking business, built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in temecula, california . he climbed the tree with a sledge hammer and pounded the trunk into the split branches to stop it sliding . there is no seat attached to the trunk but handrails have been added for support and ropes help people get on .
pm took advice from martial arts pupils about best way to deal with ukip leader . sensing he may have gone too far with threat, mr cameron later backtracked . he said there will be 'no bodily contact' during tonight's debate . ukip leader nigel farage said he was feeling 'pretty good' ahead of tv test .
john noble, 53, shot himself in the head at the m resort in las vegas on easter sunday . sent a 270 page package to the las vegas review-journal on monday . included in the package was a two hour dvd and a letter entitled 'the curse' noble was reportedly upset because he lost his lifetime free buffet pass after harassing female employees .
actress alyssa milano was on a "romantic getaway" with her husband . heathrow airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight .
man was caught on video at pearson international airport in ontario . he tried to enter a restricted area but refused to abide by security protocol . police said he was told he would not be allowed to board a turkish airlines flight . he was carrying a black briefcase which he can clearly be seen holding on to . laser-guided sight of a police taser is clearly visible on his white t-shirt .
nearly a quarter of 13 to 17-year-olds are 'almost constantly' online . nine in teenagers say they are unable to resist the lure of facebook . more than 70 per cent of teens now use more than one social network .
lib dem leader's wife miriam hit the campaign trail on her own today . she said the party's mps 'deserve' to be re-elected in may . mr clegg said she 'just wanted to do her bit' for the party .
clare hines, 27, was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures for 10 years . she noticed her balance was gone and she was struggling to hear out of her right ear . doctors told her she had to have it surgically removed or she risked the tumour turning malignant . she went against doctors' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son noah . ms hines flew back to the uk to finally undergo surgery to remove the tumour .
manuel pellegrini says vincent kompany will be assessed on saturday . kompany played 90 minutes as city lost 2-1 to crystal palace on monday . pellegrini says he does not fear for his job despite drop into fourth place . city face manchester united at old trafford on sunday .
countess of wessex wore feathered hat to traditional easter sunday service . joined by princess beatrice, 26, and autumn phillips, 36 . lady louise windsor, 11-year-old daughter, made up four royal ladies .
china is creating a 'great wall of sand' in the south china sea, the us navy has claimed . five islands have already been made, with two more in development . experts have told mailonline that the activities could be hugely damaging to local ecosystems .
bonnie suchet died on april 15 after a decade-long battle with dementia . her husband john suchet, 71, described her as 'the love of my life' he declined to comment, saying it was a 'private family matter' .
alvaro morata joined juventus from real madrid for £15.8million last summer . the 22-year-old has scored seven goals in 22 serie a matches so far . his agent beppe bozzo insists morata is happy at juventus .
access to gps has become a major policy and political issue . the crisis in a&e has led some to blame a lack of available gp appointments . by improving access, many patients won’t need to take up other care services .
murderer robert donovan, 57, disappeared from ford open prison in 2010 . derek passmore, who beat disabled man to death in 1996, still at large . goran durdevic was jailed for 15 months in 2005 for credit card theft .
benik afobe scores 31st goal of the season to keep wolves in play-off hunt . wolves striker cancels out richard stearman's own goal in 21st minute . ipswich remain well placed for a top-six finish despite draw at molineux .
hiv and aids is the most searched for term globally, followed by herpes and then human papilloma virus (hpv) in the uk, chlamydia seemed to cause most concern, and is the most commonly diagnosed std in the country according to official figures . norway came out as what the maps called a 'herpes hotspot' generating the most searches per capita, followed by montenegro . russians seemed to be the most concerned about gonorrhea .
wojciech szczesny will start for arsenal against reading in the fa cup . szczesny has been deposed as arsenal's no 1 by david ospina . szczesny has made just three appearances for arsenal in the fa cup .
last month, nasa captured a 17 miles (27km) long iceberg being born in west antarctica's getz ice shelf . iceberg b-34 appears to have fractured and moved out into the amundsen sea sometime in mid- to late-february 2015 . it is the 34th iceberg from the 'b' quadrant of antarctica to be tracked by the nic .
nico rosberg finished second to lewis hamilton at the chinese grand prix . the german driver blamed hamilton for slowing down and bunching him up as the attacking ferrari of sebastian vettel closed in . rosberg's attitude seems to have changed after his crash with hamilton in spa last august . he was punished by the team for his part in an early crash with hamilton .
kim bok-dong, 89, was a sex slave in the japanese army from 1940 to 1945 . she was forced to work at a sewing factory in korea and in japanese military brothels . kim is now blind and deaf, and her eyes burn bright with a passion borne of redressing her suffering .
everton face manchester united at goodison park on sunday . ross barkley has been repeatedly linked with a move to man city . gareth barry believes the 21-year-old is still too young to make a move .
vincent stanford, 24, is accused of murdering stephanie scott in leeton, australia . detectives swarmed the home on thursday evening with large bags of evidence . mr stanford has been charged with murder after police discovered discrepancies in his alibi . neighbours said the stanford family have lived at the property, which is on the market for $179,000, for 'around 13 months'
the 5,300-ton hms talent limped back to port with a huge dent . defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash . they were adamant that hms talent struck ‘floating ice’ rather than a russian sub . collision ripped a 6ft hole at the top of the conning tower . comes at a time of heightened tension between britain and russia .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets are on sale on thursday . the fight was always going to take place at the grand garden arena . only a token 1000 tickets are going on public sale, at between $1,500 and $1,500 . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
blaze in holborn, central london, has been raging for more than 24 hours . more than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated due to the fire . firefighters are still battling to extinguish the flames in kingsway service tunnel . kingsway is closed, as is the strand underpass, while waterloo bridge is closed northbound .
luis suarez has revealed that he sneaked into the nou camp for a photo . the uruguayan has been in fine form for barcelona since his £75m move . the forward spoke candidly about real madrid's interest in signing him .
cathryn parker, 72, has lived under at least 74 aliases in los angeles, mainly those of hollywood production staffers . but after 15 blissful years skipping over legal hurdles, it all came to a grinding halt when she was stopped for a traffic violation . parker has been in federal custody in northern california, where she was wanted for probation violations .
the british army fired 46 million bullets at the taliban during afghan conflict . the ammunition cost £200 million in ammunition alone . the conflict claimed 453 uk lives during the eight-year conflict .
lz granderson: mehmet oz faced criticism for promoting "quack treatments ... for personal financial gain" he says he's increasingly serving himself at a cost to columbia university and hospital .
father-of-one szilveszter, 24, injected petroleum jelly into his penis . he hoped it would make his manhood bigger but instead it became swollen and inflammed, he was unable to have sex and was in constant pain . he went to his gp and saw other doctors but all told him there was nothing they could do . extreme beauty disasters resident plastic surgeon dr vik vijh said there was hope he could be cured - but it wouldn't be easy .
mariah carey's 1994 hit "all i want for christmas is you" is a classic . producer jonathan shestack says it will be everything you hope a christmas movie with mariah carey would be .
inter milan were held to a 1-1 home draw by bottom-of-the-table parma on saturday . roberto mancini cancelled his players' day off and ordered them into training . the italian refused to accept that an impatient san siro crowd had affected his players .
manu tuilagi has been out of action since picking up a groin injury in october . the leicester tigers centre is targeting a return to action in the summer . tuilagi has not featured for england since the three-test summer tour of new zealand in 2014 .
the post and courier newspaper of charleston, south carolina scooped the pulitzer prize for journalism . the paper's photo series entitled 'till death do us part,' on domestic violence scooped the top award . it was awarded the gold medal for public service, the first time in five years that the prize has gone to such a small newspaper .
manchester united face manchester city in the manchester derby on sunday . louis van gaal says he is not worried about facing aston villa at old trafford . the red devils are currently one point ahead of manchester city .
one in five australians shop online at night in bed, according to a new study . 86 per cent of those surveyed admit to going online for items they're too embarrassed to buy in stores . three quarters of australians will spend up to $300 per month or at least $3,600 per year .
chloe the wombat has found herself a new friend at taronga zoo in sydney . she moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas . chloe first made headlines after her special bond with her surrogate mum emerged last december .
a utah photographer, alan lawrence, created a photo series called 'wil can fly' in which his 18-month-old son, wil, appears to be flying . lawrence said he once believed having a child with down syndrome would put limits on what he and his family could accomplish . he hopes to photograph wil 'flying' in other destinations to raise more awareness about down syndrome .
a pew research center survey found that 92 percent of us teens go online daily - and 24% admit they are online constantly . household incomes can influence which social network children use . that includes 56 percent who are online several times a day and 24 percent who say they are connected to the internet and social networks 'almost constantly'
the plot where lizzie borden and her family are buried in massachusetts was vandalized over the weekend . borden went on trial for murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in their fall river home in 1892 . she was acquitted, but her innocence is questioned even today . the house where the murders occurred is still standing . it is located next to the venue where the murder trial of former new england patriots player aaron hernandez is taking place .
caron wyn jones, father of welsh first minister carwyn jones, underwent hip operation at private clinic in bridgend . he paid because welsh nhs could not perform operation soon enough . disclosure came as mr miliband unveiled his general election manifesto for the nhs .
danny higginbotham was about to take on aston villa during the 2007-08 season . roy keane sat them down in the home changing room at the stadium of light . but instead of encouraging his players to put their poor start behind them, the former manchester united midfielder delivered an astonishing team talk . higginbotham describes keane's attempt to motivate his players .
robert o'neill will host a double-handed shooting retreat in jackson hole, wyoming . guests will be able to try out pistol events, clay pigeon shooting and 'machine gun fun' o'neill, a former navy seal, shot al qaeda leader bin laden in 2011 .
robin thomas, of jonesboro, arkansas, posted a sign on his truck that reads, 'looking for a date? would you date a single father?' the advertisement then shows his phone number and below reads, '*ages 21 and up*' . the father-of-three decided to put the sign on his truck after failing to find love online several times .
huddersfield town fan ryan dearnley, 10, will no longer be a mascot for reading in the fa cup semi-final against arsenal on saturday . a video emerged of him saying he hopes the gunners win at wembley . the fa reacted quickly, moving young ryan away from the semi-final to avoid a nasty reception from fans, instead offering him the opportunity to be a mascot for england .
jondrew lachaux, 39, is married to the teenager's mother 38-year-old kellie phillips . they have six children together while the teen is from another relationship . lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant, but she did not know .
pippa middleton spotted buying biodegradable nappies in geneva, switzerland . the mull-cloth nappies cost £4 each and are yet to catch on in the uk . kate middleton will know that using eco-friendly nappies will please prince charles .
eden hazard and nathan ake take on loic remy and willian in audi's football challenge . hazard and ake win 5-3 after aiming to sink balls into convertible audi's from long range . chelsea lead 6-0 after the first two rounds of the challenge .
surfer chris blowes, 26, was attacked by a 'monster' shark on saturday . he was surfing 350 metres offshore in port lincoln national park . mr blowes was airlifted to hospital and is currently fighting for his life . witnesses recall seeing what they believed was a six-metre great white shark swimming away with the surfer's leg and a surfboard in its jaw .
manchester city host manchester united at old trafford on sunday . city have fallen behind their arch-rivals in the premier league table . manuel pellegrini is bracing for a ferocious derby clash at old trafford .
ringling brothers barnum and bailey circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018 . once the animals are done in the ring, they'll be taken to the ringling brothers elephant conservation center in central florida . some of the asian elephants will live out their post-performance lives in the center, while others will be used for breeding . the population of animal has decreased to between 25,000 and 32,000 from it's 100,000 population over the last century .
isis hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to tv5 monde . they took over its websites and social media accounts for three hours . channel's director, yves bigot, said the attack was continuing this morning . he said the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast recorded programs, not live content .
a teenage waitress claims england footballer aaron lennon grabbed her . the 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears after the incident . she later told police he had left her with a bruise under her eye . the 28-year-old is on loan at everton from manchester united .
lewis hamilton wins pole position for sunday's chinese grand prix in shanghai . mercedes driver beats teammate and fierce rival nico rosberg by four hundredths of a second . sebastian vettel will start third after ferrari won malaysian gp two weeks ago .
golden state warriors' steph curry made 77 consecutive three-point attempts during a practice session . the 27-year-old made 94 out of his 100 attempts during the session . curry has led the warriors to the top of the western conference standings in the regular nba season .
visitors at cleveland metroparks zoo in ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on saturday . his parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury . eyewitnesses claim the mother was holding him and another child when he fell . dr christopher kuhar, executive director at the zoo, said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on monday .
the first family arrived at alfred street baptist church in alexandria, virginia, on sunday morning . rev howard-john wesley opened the service by welcoming the president, before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him . it acted as the warm up for the annual easter roll, during which barack and michelle will perform their dance to uptown funk .
princess eugenie, 25, looked every inch the hipster as she walked through the streets of new york with a friend . the cousin of princes william and harry looked casually chic in a charcoal leather-trim coat and nike hoodie . she showcased her toned legs in a black mini dress, which she wore with on-trend over-the-knee boots .
boeing has designed roomier overhead luggage bins for its 737 planes . the 'space bins' can hold two more carry-on bags than existing compartments . bins have a lower lip height, making it easier to load bags and see inside . so far two airlines – delta and alaska – have ordered the new bins .
asmir begovic's contract at stoke city expires at the end of the season . the bosnian international has been linked with other clubs . stoke chief executive tony scholes believes they can keep hold of begovic .
porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in champions league quarter-final . two goals from ricardo quaresma and another from jackson martinez . portugal's record opted for the pun 'fantasporto' as their headline .
england beat china 2-1 in their world cup group d opener in manchester . fran kirby created the opening goal and then scored a brilliant second . reading striker kirby was player of the match when england played the united states in february .
mario gomez has been linked with a move to barcelona in the summer . but the fiorentina striker insists he is happy at fiorentina . gomez joined fiorentina in july 2013 for a reported £17.2million .
shay given will start for aston villa against liverpool at wembley on sunday . the 38-year-old has played every round of the fa cup so far this season . given has an fa cup winners’ medal from 2011 but was an unusued substitute for the final against stoke with joe hart in net .
freddie gray died 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge . his death sparked widespread outrage toward the baltimore police department .
jerry moon's family only discovered the blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes and found the body wrapped in a plastic bag . the family is now seeking unspecified damages for emotional distress . the 72-year-old railroad conductor began arranging for his funeral 16 years before his death in 2013 .
brooklyn nets beat portland trail blazers in only game on nba schedule . brook lopez scored 32 points and nine rebounds for the nets . deron williams added 24 points and 10 assists for the nets .
judy murray, 55, has had a makeover since her appearance on strictly . she could be outshone by her mother leonore sears, 53, who has long been admired on the tennis circuit . with her long blonde hair and trim figure, the south african bears a strong resemblance to her daughter . the ceremony, in murray’s home town, dunblane, is being hailed there as the event of the year .
vatican says pope francis may visit cuba on his way to or from the united states . the visit would add a dimension of international intrigue to an already highly anticipated trip . pope francis played a key role in the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between cuba and the united states .
deborah steel, 37, ran the royal standard pub in ely, cambridgeshire . she was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 december 1997 . police believe she was killed and recently reclassified the investigation as a murder inquiry . the 37-year-old's body has never been found .
the migratory bird was spotted at a salt lake near the british raf base at akrotiri . normally, the graceful birds have a pink hue caused by the levels of beto-carotene in their diet . experts believe it could be the only flamingo of its kind in the world .
steve bruce has promised his wife janet he will go on a diet . the hull manager was baffled that anyone would be interested in the snaps . bruce says he was 'disappointed' that the pictures were published .
oskar groening, 93, is accused of being part of auschwitz slaughter . eva kor, 81, embraced him, thanked him, held his hand and forgave him . she was criticised by other victims and their families for her public forgiveness . but she said: 'as long as we understand my forgiveness that the victim has a right to be free, you cannot be free from what was done to you'
eddie raymond tipton, 51, of norwalk, iowa, was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud for illegally playing the lottery . now prosecutors say he used an intricate hack to ensure his numbers were drawn by the random number generator . they argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to make sure the random number generator selected his number in december 2010 . prosecutors say he tampered with security cameras in the building so he wouldn't be caught installing the program .
two men stand in a tiny dinghy while a great white charges them . the crew were filming the documentary lair of the megashark . they attempted to put a camera on the shark's dorsal fin . the great white uses it's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat . images of the footage have been posted online by groups who want to ban shark diving as they think it's causing sharks to associate humans and boats with food .
harry kane made his england debut against italy last week . mauricio pochettino has given the tottenham striker his blessing . kane is also set to travel to australia and malaysia this summer .
aaron hernandez is accused of killing semi-pro football player odin lloyd . lloyd was dating the sister of hernandez's fiancee . hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges .
charles collins, 28, saved elderly alfred mcnamee after he slipped off platform . mcnamee broke several ribs, shattered kneecap and damaged spleen . collins jumped onto electrified tracks at 15th st station in philadelphia . praised for his actions, but put it all down to 'instinct' and denied being a hero .
andy murray beat tomas berdych 6-4, 6-4 in the miami open final . the czech republic star will face novak djokovic in sunday's final . it will be murray's first masters level final since he won title two years ago .
the cable company complained to the better business bureau's national advertising division (nad) that the ads featured a number of false claims . the watchdog has ruled that several of the campaign's claims couldn't be substantiated . the ads all ended with lowe saying: 'don't be like this me — get rid of cable and upgrade to directv'
image was taken in kanagawa prefecture, japan - 'nearby some samurai tombs' reddit user who posted it online suggested they could be samurai boots . but others are not so sure - including a us navy uniform from wwii .
tyrone mings posted a screengrab of a text message conversation with his mother on his instagram account . the 22-year-old's apparent act of generosity drew over 2,000 'likes' and lots of praise from his followers . mings has been linked with a move to premier league side arsenal .
one in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens, rspb found . there are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in britain today . figure is an estimated 30 per cent drop since 2013 .
rory mcilroy is hoping to complete a career grand slam with the masters . the northern irishman has released a video chronicling his career . mcilroy says he has never been a perfectionist but always wanted to be the best .
hyalinobatrachium dianae was found in the mountains of eastern costa rica . its body is green on its backs, while its abdominal skin is translucent . this means the animal’s heart, liver and gastrointestinal tract are visible . it is distinguishable from other glass frogs by its long toes and black eyes .
jean wabafiyebazu, 17, was killed and his brother marc, 15, was arrested after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal in miami on monday . the boy's father, germano wabafiyebazu, has said his son was killed when he went into a house to buy marijuana and that police arrested marc . the 15-year-old plans to plead not guilty if charges are brought against him .
20 stone flakes and anvils were found near lake turkana in kenya . they were used to shape tools created hundreds of thousands of years before the appearance of the first 'man' - the start of our branch of the evolutionary tree known as homo . the discovery could fundamentally change the current view of human evolution as - if correct - the date of the stone tools is 700,000 years older than any others found previously .
patrick o'melia, 39, was flagged down by justin braddock's sister . she found him slumped in front seat of a car with no pulse on sunday . mr o'melia spent seven minutes giving braddock cpr and revived him . braddock was taken to hospital but fled without a thank you .
sarah watson, 34, had a brief liaison with marcus rojo at a christmas party . she was falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from the footballer . the high court has overturned a gagging order against ms watson . she claims rojo and his representatives were behind a plot to frame her .
the queen, 88, was spotted trotting through windsor great park . she was joined by a groom on her faithful fell pony, carltonlima emma . but she eschewed a helmet in favour of a silk headscarf .
us researchers discovered that a single gene called tcsad1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter . plant geneticists say their finding could lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants, which could boost plants’ yields and the income of farmers . the world cocoa foundation puts annual cocoa production worldwide at 3.8 million tons, valued at $11.8 billion (£7.9 billion) each cocoa pod has 40 seeds, which are composed of cocoa butter and used in the making of chocolate – and some drugs .
eva chapin, 34, from west linn, oregon, was booked into jail . she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home . the qualified nurse referred to the residents as 'n*****' but wrote: 'i am not racist' .
deborah kane had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving nine-hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain . the 46-year-old teaching assistant believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in lanzarote when she was 15 . she also bought cheap sunglasses without proper uv protection . to celebrate her recovery, debbie held an aptly named ‘eye ball’ and named each table after a part of the eye .
reanne evans saw her reign as women's world snooker champion end on tuesday . the 29-year-old saw her crucible dream ended by ken doherty . evans lost 4-2 in the semi-finals to hong kong's ng on yee .
xiao zhengti was born with congenital biliary atresia meaning he needed his first liver transplant at just nine months old . mother yang haiying donated part of her liver, but boy's body rejected it, leading to years of trips to hospital . father xiao kunqing was allowed to donate 40 per cent of his liver yesterday, leading to a full recovery .
scientists quizzed more than 5,000 british teenagers about drinking habits . those who watched most films featured characters drinking alcohol . were 20% more likely to have tried alcohol and 70% more likely to binge drink .
jack wilshere played 90 minutes for arsenal's under 21 side on tuesday . the midfielder has been out of action since november with an ankle injury . wilshere has set his sights on the fa cup semi-final with reading and the premier league clash with manchester united .
guy martin, 33, wrote a review of the £203,000 vanquish carbon edition supercar . he test drove it on the isle of man's tt course, which has a speed limit of 40mph . mr martin, who presents speed with guy martin on channel 4, said he pressed accelerator 'flat to the floor' before seeing the speedometer reach 180mph .
joseph o'riordan, 76, stabbed wife mandy, 47, nine times with kitchen knife . he became suspicious of her movements and placed gps tracker on her car . he soon discovered she was having affair with married postman nick gunn . postman, 41, nicknamed tommy, had affairs with women on his rounds . o'riordan found guilty of attempted murder and jailed for 20 years today .
sampdoria president massimo ferrero says mario balotelli has lost his hunger . the italian striker is set to leave liverpool at the end of the season . ferrero says balotelli should be given a bianchina instead of a ferrari .
randy linn, now in a california federal prison where he's two years into his 20-year sentence, said he can't believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship . federal prosecutors said linn drove about two hours from his home in st. joe, indiana, to suburban toledo on september 30, 2012 . he broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire .
british airways pilots give their insider tips on where passengers should sit to get the best views of their destination . sydney harbour is the largest natural harbour in the world and passengers can get the best views on the right hand side of the aircraft . when departing san francisco sit on the left side of the plane to see the famous golden gate bridge, or opt for the left side to see alcatraz .
greg dyke wants to increase the minimum number of homegrown players in club squads from eight to 12 . the fa chairman is facing opposition from the premier league . graham taylor, glenn hoddle, kevin keegan, steve mcclaren and sven-goran eriksson have signed a letter addressed to dyke .
sir ranulph fiennes, 71, ran for 30 hours in temperatures topping 50c . explorer was taken to medical tent because of concerns for his heart . he previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent cancer operation .
supreme court justice john roberts faces a judicial crossroads in a historic case . obergefell v. hodges could decide whether gay and lesbian couples have the right to marry . roberts shocked conservatives nearly three years ago by providing a pivotal vote to uphold obamacare .
terry cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog sam . the huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs and dragged him indoors . mr cooper fears he could have been attacked if his dog had not been there . the national farmers' union has issued advice for residents on protecting their property from invading badgers .
arthur and mo kreitenberg have created the germfalcon robot . it uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria in the cabin of an aeroplane . e.coli and mrsa can linger for up to a week on the aircraft's seats . there are no rules on how often planes should be cleaned, they say .
temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22c (72f) tomorrow . that is 11c warmer than the uk april average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20.7c (69f) on easter sunday in aberdeenshire . the 22c (72f) predicted in the south east on friday is also better than the 18c forecast in marbella, 16c in rhodes, 10c in istanbul and 16c in malta .
ryan giggs, paul scholes, gary neville, nicky butt and andrew cole went out for dinner on saturday . the former manchester united striker took to twitter to reveal he was in 'great company' with 'great team-mates' . giggs, neville, scholes and butt all played for united during sir alex ferguson's greatest season at old trafford .
arsenal beat liverpool 3-0 in their premier league clash on saturday . alexis sanchez scored the only goal of the game for the gunners . arsene wenger's side have never entered the race for the top-flight crown .
kristen bell, the voice of frozen's anna and the spunky star of house of lies, believes that parents take the anti-vaccination debate too far and endanger other kids while they are at it . 'your child is 100 times more likely to be struck by lightning than to have a severe reaction to a vaccine; that's a fact,' she said . kristen has two daughters, lincoln, two, and delta, four months, with actor dax sheppard .
justin rose battled back from a disastrous opening day round . the 2013 us open champion ended the day on seven under . rose is seven shots behind runaway leader jordan spieth . the englishman bogeyed three of the first four holes on his opening day .
charities welcomed move to create a new generation of lifesavers . previously only lib dems had promised to add crucial lessons to curriculum . labour, ukip and the green party added their support last week . it means the conservatives are the only major party not to make the same manifesto pledge .
darien, connecticut, has a median household income of $200,000 . developer christopher stefanoni, 50, says his son was demoted to a lower team after threatening the town's overwhelmingly white ethnic makeup . stefanoni's son was also banned from coaching . the town and the little league both deny that the goings-on and stefanoni's housing plans are linked .
westerners are ranked well below battle-hardened foreign jihadis from warzones such as chechnya and east africa . they believe ultra-violence is the only way for them to rise up the ranks in syria and iraq . most common job for western jihadis is guarding prisoners .
aaron hernandez was sentenced to life in prison without parole for the 2013 murder of odin lloyd . he will no longer be no 81 - he is prisoner w106228, daily mail online can reveal . hernandez is being held separately from other prisoners and is on suicide watch . he is equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations .
jean-marie le pen, 87, said his daughter marine 'may want me dead' comes after he called nazi gas chambers 'a detail of history' he has refused to step down as honorary president of far-right party .
data company bitglass created an excel spreadsheet of fake employee credentials . it then placed it on anonymous file sharing sites within the dark web . by day 12, the file had received over 1,080 clicks had spread to 22 countries on five continents . some activity had connections to crime syndicates in nigeria and russia .
the final day of mercedes-benz fashion week australia kicked off with an explosion of colour . the australiana-themed romance was born presentation dazzled attendees with a stand-out collection . the art gallery of new south wales was transformed into a spectacular set designed by designer alice babidge .
alan hutton ruled out of aston villa's trip to queens park rangers . philippe senderos and kieran richardson also doubts for villa . eduardo vargas and yun suk-young also out for qpr .
fast-casual chain chipotle has been leaving customers hungry for certain ingredients unsatisfied because not enough farms can meet its strict standards . the chain removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in january, but still doesn't have a stable supply of the meat . chipotle only uses humanely-raised pigs that have not received added hormones, though they have become harder to acquire after demand has risen .
maarij khan and his mother mushammat set to be deported from newcastle . home office turned down family's bid to stay in uk after visa expired . now 3,500 people have signed petition to allow them to stay in uk . saffat khan, 10, died of meningitis last month after battle with cancer .
police in malegaon, maharashtra, have asked residents to take a 'mugshot' of their cattle . cows are considered holy and revered by that state's majority hindu population . police believe this is the only way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law .
brady olson, 43, teaches advanced placement government and civics at north thurston high school in lacey, washington . he knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived, witnesses said . the teenager, who has not been identified, only transferred to the high school a month ago . he later told police he shot into the air because he didn't want to hurt anyone .
michael churton was with four colleagues at the base camp, 17,500ft up . he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow and suffered facial injuries . the 38-year-old believes the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf .
jose mourinho watched fulham under 21s lose 3-0 to porto u21s on wednesday . cottagers boss was joined by son jose junior at motspur park . chelsea crashed out of the champions league in the last 16 this season .
lebron james says he would pick himself for the nba mvp award . the cleveland cavaliers have secured the central division title . james scored 21 points with nine rebounds and eight assists against milwaukee .
bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel, 24, faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution . the fbi announced on wednesday that a $20,000 reward is being offered for information leading to his arrest . patel is to believed to have beat his 21-year-old wife, palak bhadreskumar patel, to death with a kitchen knife on april 12 .
north west wore a bright smile as she sat in her pram on tuesday . the only child of kim kardashian and kanye west wore a bright smile . the family had arrived in paris after nori was baptised in jerusalem .
kevin streelman won the masters par-three contest on a play-off . jack nicklaus recorded his first hole-in-one at augusta national . camilo villegas shot two in the space of five holes but could not win .
raheem sterling could buy-out the last year of his liverpool contract . the 20-year-old's value could plummet by up to £25million this summer . manchester city and chelsea are both interested in the england forward .
the 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on tuesday in in arapahoe county district court after a selection process that began on january 20 . holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the july 2012 attack at a century movie theater in aurora, colorado . his attorneys don't dispute that he pulled the trigger but say he was in the grips of a psychotic episode when he slipped into the packed movie theater and opened fire .
london-based trotters has released a new range for prince george . range includes boy's t-shirts, romper suits, smocked dresses and pink cardigans . prince george wore trotters bodysuit at a plunket play group event in 2014 .
sea shepherd vessel bob barker has rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship . the poaching vessel thunder issued a distressing signal, claiming that the ship was sinking on monday . captain peter hammarstedt said 35 crew members were safely rescued after being held in life rafts . operation icefish has been very successful in exposing the operations of the alleged poachers and making connections between them and fishing companies in spain .
khloe has lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to intense exercise regime . the 30-year-old is showcasing a flawless face and honed physique . sister kim has been showcasing a flawless face and blonde locks .
lazio replaced their fierce city rivals roma as the leading challengers in the battle to chase down serie a leaders juventus . the coppa italia finalists hammered empoli 4-0 at the stadio olimpico . antonio candreva and felipe anderson plundered further goals to ensure an eighth straight league win for the coppa italia finalists .
manchester united defender chris smalling visited his old judo club . smalling was a gifted martial artist and was named national champion . the 25-year-old joined the international judo federation on friday .
lynn, from chippenham, suffers from scoliosis and hip dysplasia . when pregnant she stopped taking painkillers for the sake of her baby . husband liam tried for a baby for three years so she didn't want to take any risks .
john carver was assistant to former newcastle boss ruud gullit . gullit controversially left out alan shearer and duncan ferguson . carver is relishing the chance to take charge of his hometown club .
list price of bentleys ranges from £136,250 to £224,700 . but the manufacturer and porsche finished bottom of a 38-strong table . thousands of cars aged three to eight years old were assessed on reliability .
next year marks the band's 40th anniversary . the tour is being titled "forty and f*ck it"
low-wage workers have been the hardest hit since the onset of the financial crisis . congress should help low-wage workers gain access to predictable work schedules .
ali maffucci, 28, lost 11kg (almost two stone) in three months . she swapped pasta, bread and rice for spiralized vegetables . she went from a size 14/16 to a size 8/10 and is now a size 8/10 .
android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 scripts . works with printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus . allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send .
julian weigl has been earning rave reviews in germany's second division . the 19-year-old has a buy-out clause of £2.5million . tottenham fell to a 1-0 defeat against aston villa on saturday .
many clouds wins the grand national by a length and a half on saturday . the 25-1 outsider was ridden by jockey leighton aspell . ap mccoy announced last week he would retire if he won the race .
fabio borini enjoyed a day out at go ape in delamere forest park on tuesday . the italian striker came on as a second-half substitute against newcastle . liverpool moved up to fifth in the premier league after monday's win .
warning: graphic content . elijah mckenna, 11, suffered two wide, bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body . alyssa mckenna, 9, went outside to check on her deaf brother when she heard his screams and spotted a trio of large rottweilers biting him . alyssa ran over and scared off the hounds so she could tend to elijah . elija
the rensselaer polytechnic institute in new york has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial iraq war film . it said it will still show the oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film . a number of students have said the postponement was an act of censorship and an attack on free speech .
luis suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions for barcelona . the uruguayan forward joined the catalans from liverpool this season . suarez has scored 31 goals in the premier league for liverpool .
classical singer was centre of attention at sunday's olivier awards . she was joined by england rugby skipper boyfriend chris robshaw . 'pre-engagement' is a growing trend, with thousands of couples now choosing 'promise' rings ahead of a formal proposal .
bilal skaf has been attacked by three other inmates at goulburn correctional centre in nsw . a 33-year-old inmate sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day . skaf was the leader of the rape gang which terrorised sydney teenage girls on a four-week rampage before the 2000 olympics . he was sentenced to 55 years' jail for his part in a series of gang rapes in sydney's southwest
jamie carragher does not feel diego simeone plays the right type of football . simeone's atletico madrid lost 1-0 to rivals real madrid at the bernabeu . carragher says simeone's style of play would not impress the big boys .
the probation was decided last week but announced by the university monday . last month, a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in november in which a member of sigma phi epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house . under the ban, the university's 86 recognized fraternities and sororities will be allowed to hold spring formals and other events where third-party vendors serve alcohol .
isis jihadis were fighting local groups in the hammam al-alil area . several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment . when doctors refused on grounds they do not support terror group's activities, the men were brutally murdered . news comes as jihadis reportedly executed 60 sunni tribal fighters in iraq's anbar province .
michael hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t. mcgarr in 1980 . but it emerged that crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial . the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in california history was finally released last november .
michael bloomberg, 73, 'considering' running for london mayor in 2016 . boris johnson, who was born in new york, will then have held position for eight years . he has said he thinks of london as his 'second home' and a 'second home' sources say he has u.s. citizenship but could be eligible for high office .
the dogs were found in a blacked-out barn in manchester, tennessee, last saturday . they were emaciated, 'living in several inches of their own waste' and close to death . the owner, 64-year-old caroline irby, was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on monday and booked into the coffee county jail on $10,000 bond .
in ancient times, lesbos was a notorious sexual playground for straight men . in ancient greek, the word 'lesbian' actually meant a woman performing an intimate sex act on a man .
ashleigh sokie was asked to wash one direction's niall horan's clothes . she responded by trying on his polo shirt and posting a picture on twitter . the 20-year-old claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy . she also posted a picture of his boxer shorts and chelsea training kit .
uk oil & gas investments say they have discovered 100billion barrels of oil . the weald basin could meet up to a third of britain's oil demand within 15 years . experts remain sceptical of the claims, with one calling them 'overly optimistic'
pupils at mcguffey high school in pennsylvania organized anti-gay day protest . the organizers encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school and writing 'anti-gay' on their hands . the event was held last thursday and students report that openly gay pupils also had bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so-called protesters .
liverpool have been given permission by psv eindhoven to hold with memphis depay . psv are looking for £25million for depay, who scored 21 goals this season . brendan rodgers is confident liverpool can bring in the right players .
visual health studios in colorado has developed a weight loss app called visualize you . it calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight . it asks you to enter your current height and weight and your target weight . the app costs £1.61 ($2.40) on android and £1.49 ($1.99) on ios for the full version .
benefits cheat ian drinnan claimed he could barely walk due to arthritis . 58-year-old said he could only walk for two or three minutes at a slow pace . he also said he needed to use crutches because of the pain in his legs . but he was filmed looking sprightly in his role at blackpool rangers fc .
single-engine edge 360 plane crashed at old buckenham airfield, norfolk . david jenkins, in his 50s, tragically died when it crashed 50 metres away . eyewitnesses saw the plane go into a flat spin and fail to come out . witnesses said that the burning wreckage of the plane was extinguished by firefighters .
graziano pelle scored in italy's 1-1 draw with england on tuesday . the striker has not scored in the premier league for southampton since december 20 . pelle joined the saints from feyenoord for a reported £9million .
bayern munich beat porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach champions league last four . pep guardiola said winning is a matter of life and death at bayern . the spaniard won 14 titles in his four seasons at barcelona .
it's been a longtime tradition for the conga to play during memphis grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court tv screen . spectators are often filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums . one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two, malenda meacham .
a reuters investigation that revealed the bill, hillary and chelsea clinton foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the global charity to announce that it would refile more than five years of tax documents . the discovery came as separate financial reviews found that previously unreported foreign businesses either donated money directly to the family foundation or paid bill to speak while their countries were doing official business with the state department . the clinton foundation was barred by an agreement from accepting money from foreign governments it wasn't already in business while mrs. 
president obama and cuban president raul castro shook hands friday night . the two nations have barely been on speaking terms -- officially -- for more than 50 years .
julie mckenzie, 53, thought she had scoliosis, a condition known as scoliosis . x-rays revealed that her spine was slightly curved, a condition known as scoliosis . a month after seeing her gp, she went to see a spinal surgeon . consultant ordered an mri scan, which showed she had some scoliosis . but radiographer spotted that julie's coccyx was slightly enlarged .
burger king has branched out from run-of-the-mill sundaes by offering a pina colada smoothie . pret a manger has gone the whole hog and started serving sit-down dinners with wine . british sandwich chain's new concept is called 'good evenings', and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night, but only (for now) at its branch on the strand in london .
an ocean photographer has captured the unique and surreal moment ocean foam hits the sand . lloyd meudell started taking images of the sea with a gopro after being an avid surfer his entire life . the 40-year-old grew up on the south coast of new south wales and takes most of his shots on kiama beach spanning to gerrigong beach . he has only been taking ocean photos for two years but his shots draw from works of surrealism such as salvador dali .
a kiwi couple bought a $1.5 million house near auckland for $125,000 . the previous owners were desperate to sell, which resulted in the deal . new owners donald and jenny gibbs said the deal was too good to pass up . the average house-price in auckland is $766,912, almost seven times more than it was sold for .
esa’s rosetta spacecraft has captured stunning images of a dust jet erupting from comet 67p churyumov-gerasimenko . the jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface, causing an explosion of material . but such activity has only been spotted on the day-side of the comet - not the night so far .
jake hall scored with his first touch for boston united on monday . the towie star impressed his on-screen girlfriend chloe lewis in the stands . hall hit the headlines this week after reports he is dating hollywood actress lindsay lohan after they were spotted out in soho together .
arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday . alex oxlade-chamberlain is struggling to recover from a groin injury . arsene wenger confirmed oxlade-chamberlain could miss the remainder of the season .
steven gerrard and frank lampard will be honoured by the pfa on sunday . the pair will leave england at the end of the current season . gerrard will join la galaxy while lampard will join new york city fc .
james oatway took chilling images of mozambique national emmanuel sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in alexandra township on saturday . pictures of the attack sent shockwaves around the world, with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent mr sithole's death . mr oatway said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti-immigrant protests that are sweeping the country .
derry mathews was due to fight richar abril on april 18 in liverpool . mathews may still fight for the title if the wba strip abril of his belt . abril previously withdrew ahead of the original date of march 6 .
wayne rooney may have to play in holding midfield role against chelsea . michael carrick and daley blind both ruled out with ankle injuries . phil jones and marcos rojo also out with jonny evans suspended . luke shaw and radamel falcao could both be recalled for blues clash .
mercury orbits about 35,983,125 miles from the sun . nasa spacecraft messenger is about to crash onto mercury .
chris maguire scores injury time penalty to salvage a point for sheffield wednesday . matt ritchie put the owls in front before yann kermorgant equalised . eddie howe was left 'heartbroken' by the result .
andre schurrle and mario gotze joined by partners montana yorke and ann-kathrin broemmel for a double date on sunday . the pair attended a charity ball to raise money for hamburg children's hospital . gotze helped bayern munich to a 3-0 win against eintracht franfurt .
brad pitt and angelina jolie's 2014 miraval rose wine has gone on sale in m&s . marks and spencer has urged people seeking a taste to 'get in quick' the £18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple's chateau miraval estate . wine spectator ranked it at number 84 in its list of the top 100 wines of 2013 .
driver, sam smith, was travelling from minneapolis to indiana on business . he films with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him . mr smith can't make out which direction it's moving so doesn't know how to escape .
kestutis martuzevicius, 52, is wanted for 22 crimes in lithuania . he has repeatedly stalled efforts to extradite him, claiming they breached his human rights . he spun out the legal battle for nearly five years by insisting he was mentally ill .
vijay chokal-ingam says he posed as a black man to get into medical school . chokal-ingam: "my change in appearance was so startling that my own fraternity brothers didn't recognize me"
foreign-born blacks were 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980 . in 2013, they made up 8.7 per cent of that group . jamaica and haiti account for about 15 per cent of the black population . overall about 50 per cent of the black immigrant population hail from the caribbean, while 36 per cent come from africa .
charlie patino, 11, is a talented midfielder who has been spotted at luton . he has had offers from arsenal, chelsea and tottenham in the past . luton's academy scouts spotted jack wilshere at the age of nine . wilshere made his first-team debut for arsene wenger's side at 16 .
more than half of 28 nations reduced their aid budget between 2013 and 2014 . britain's failure to follow suit has left it double the average level of other nations . david cameron set a target to cut aid spending between 2013 and 2014 .
nafir afzal said teenagers are at risk of 'jihadimania' warned 'another 7/7' could happen unless britain makes sweeping changes . he said children are 'manipulated' by islamists and that britain needs a new approach in the way it deals with radicalisation .
dylan miller, a senior at juniata college in huntingdon, pennsylvania, decided to live in a hut for his senior research project on simple living . miller built the nine-foot-tall, 17-by-17ft structure out of fallen trees, leaves, rope and a tarp . with no plumbing or electricity, miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear .
russian president vladimir putin speaks at a national broadcast q&a session . he defends lifting a ban on the sale of a sophisticated air defense system to iran . critics of the kremlin slam the entire event as russia's imitation of democracy in action .
yazidis, including 40 children, believed they were being led to execution . instead, they were piled onto minibuses that drove them to peshmerga positions . yazidis are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect .
mullah mohammed omar is "still the leader" of the taliban's self-declared islamic emirate of afghanistan . the taliban has released an 11-page biography of the reclusive militant .
big cat was seen at kruger national park in south africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal when it became separated from its herd . accompanied by a hunting partner, the lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power . he tries to take a bite out of its back - but ends up being chased away by the infant's angry mother .
colin farrell has confessed in an interview that he's hung up his prowling boots . the 38-year-old has been linked with angelina jolie, demi moore, britney spears and elizabeth taylor . the irish actor is about to experience something of a comeback with a role in the much-anticipated second series of true detective .
regina agyare is the founder of software development company soronko solutions . she teaches girls in nima, a predominantly muslim area in a largely christian nation, how to code . the group, achievers ghana, provides school funding to help the girls .
azlin alias was prime minister's private secretary general . jamaluddin jarjis was a former ambassador to the united states .
england bowler stuart broad slipped during his delivery at warner park . broad required lengthy treatment after clutching his ankle following fall . england face west indies in first test on monday in antigua .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 1-0 at the westfalenstadion . robert lewandowski scored the only goal of the game . dortmund captain mats hummels disagreed with his coach .
lewis hamilton won his third race of the season in bahrain . mercedes team-mate nico rosberg finished second . jenson button was denied his 100th race for mclaren .
mustafa kamal resigned as international cricket council president . kamal was unhappy with umpire decisions in bangladesh's world cup defeat to india in melbourne last month . the bangladeshi politician was described as 'unfortunate' by the icc .
giorgio chiellini committed a deliberate handball during juve's champions league quarter-final second-leg against monaco on wednesday night . the 76-cap italy international resorted to desperation tactics, clawing the ball out of the way and earning himself a yellow card . juve are on course to complete a historic treble this season, topping serie a with 73 points from 31 games .
brendan rodgers will remind raheem sterling of his responsibilities . sterling scored the opener in liverpool's 2-0 win over newcastle united . sterling faces a club investigation and potential disciplinary action .
three studies have provided different theories for what happened after earth was struck by a mars-sized object called theia, 4.45 billion years ago . what is agreed on, though, is that the impact actually happened . this is known as the giant impact hypothesis . it claims the impact created a huge cloud of debris that mixed thoroughly with earth and then later condensed to form the moon . or theia could have been isotopically similar to young earth . or the moon could have formed from earthen materials, explaining the similarity between earth and the moon .
chelsea are interested in fulham goalkeeper marcus bettinelli . jose mourinho watched the 22-year-old play in a 1-1 draw against rotherham . chelsea are bracing for the departure of petr cech in the summer .
shrewsbury and telford hospital nhs trust paid £2,200 to a temporary nurse . it paid the nurse for one 12-hour shift amid a shortage of trained nurses . figure is double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed following a freedom of information request .
celtic have complained to the sfa over ticket prices for their scottish cup semi-final against inverness at hampden . the sfa have already come under fire from caley thistle fans for scheduling the match for 12.15pm on sunday, april 18 . the north and south stands were set at £23 for adults and £5 for concessions .
buffalo bills running back lesean mccoy was shipped to the philadelphia eagles in exchange for kiko alonso . mccoy says kelly's team has a college feel and that he doesn't like star talent . mccoy ran for 1,000 yards in four of six seasons with the eagles .
colin graves has become the loose cannon of english cricket . he has made a habit of talking before thinking since being announced as ecb chairman . graves has created a soap opera that will run and run now pietersen has rejoined surrey .
fighting between rival fans forced arsenal tula vs torpedo moscow to be stopped for seven minutes on sunday . torpedo fans broke down barriers and threw chairs, according to arsenal tula's website . referee alexander yegorov stopped the match and told the players to leave the pitch and head for the dressing rooms .
the kidneys were extracted from a 45-year-old indian man suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (adpkd) condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys, so they expand in size . a week after his initial operation, a second kidney weighing 5.5lbs (2.5kg) was removed . both kidneys beat the previous record of 4.7lbs (2.1kg) which was removed in dhule, india, in 2011 .
gemma collins has expanded her range of plus-size clothing for evans . the 34-year-old says her triumph comes from inspiring voluptuous women . new additions include swing tops and blouses, as well as floral fringed kimonos .
imran uddin bought keyboard spying equipment on the internet . 25-year-old then connected to a number of university computers . he was able to find out passwords that staff were typing in to log in . after hacking into the university computer system, uddin changed the marks that he had been given for previous assessments . he was jailed for four months at birmingham crown court .
scott quigg is desperate to fight carl frampton on july 18 . quigg has offered frampton £1.5million for the fight . eddie hearn produced a cheque for £1.5m on tuesday . click here for all the latest boxing news .
jeff novitzky was also involved in the investigations into barry bonds, marion jones and justin gatlin . he will spearhead the development of the ufc's new drug testing programme . the organisation announced earlier this year that they will implement a new year-round, out-of-competition testing protocol .
robin van persie's son shaqueel scored with a 'scorpion kick' in his garden . the holland international scored with a move made famous by rene higuita . van persie will reportedly be offered £5million to leave old trafford .
perth couple sharon and nick chalwell turned to crowdsourcing to find an egg donor . shannon mann, 22, has a two-year-old son, lucas . the couple have been trying to conceive since they were married . mrs chalwell has low ovarian reserves and an aggressive immune system in her uterus .
tyler kost, who appeared in court on monday, was arrested last may for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old . the pinal county attorney's office says kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation . kost's defense said new evidence taken from facebook and instagram proves the women lied about sexual abuse .
chlorine gas — carried by favourable winds over flanders fields from german positions — had been used for the first time on april 22, 1915 . some 1,200 french soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack . on tuesday the organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields .
jonas gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at newcastle . the argentine will start the remaining seven matches of the campaign . gutierrez was the only newcastle player to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekend’s 1-0 defeat at sunderland .
sky and bt sports pay £16million a year for live coverage of scottish football . the bbc puts in an estimated £3m a year for sportscene highlights and radio commentaries . english football is treated with reverence and respect . scottish football like a pavement beggar .
jondrew lachaux, 39, and kellie phillips, 38, turned themselves in after children found . couple took five of their children on trip to oakland, california, eight months ago . left behind two daughters - a teen who is phillips' biological child and stepdaughter . teen gave birth at home without any medical care to now four-month-old girl .
tottenham have held further discussions with marseille over florian thauvin . the 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with metz . chelsea and valencia have also been watching the midfielder .
poliça are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as ‘barbaric’ . their songs feature violent imagery that bemoans ‘boys’ and ‘all the work they require’ .
france voted to punish anyone who 'incites' people to become dangerously thin . mps highlighted irresponsibility of fashion websites which encourage women to keep their weight as low as possible . around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in france, the vast majority women and teenage girls .
poland is set to build watchtowers along the 124mile border to kaliningrad . towers will range from 115ft to 164ft and will monitor the border using cctv . border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions between russia and poland over the conflict in ukraine .
artist uses four plastic cups and a marker pen to create his unique creation . holds up two see-through plastic cups that he has stacked into one another . draws on the inside cup is a head and torso and a selection of haircuts . rotates the outer cup and brings the haircuts into alignment with head . adds a shirt, jacket, t-shirt and bikini and picks a pair of glasses . originally uploaded to reddit and claims to be influenced by japanese comics .
apple launches its first smartwatch today - but none of its stores will have them . instead, consumers will have to pre-order the watches online and wait until june . analysts believe apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and that sales could top 20 million this year . limited supplies have been given to six designer outlets around the world .
the two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920's building on spaulding avenue in l.a.'s fairfax district . owner brandon kleinman, 31, has listed it on airbnb . it is described as 'the perfect combination of comfort, style, location and...rock n' roll history'
robert mccombs told a court in grand rapids, michigan on wednesday that steven carl day admitted to him and his roommate roger musick that he molested a young relative . 'day said he thought one of the girls was starting to like it,' mccombs testified . day met up with musick and mccombs at a bar on december 18 to have drinks for mccombs' birthday and that that's where the shocking confession allegedly took place
referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between south sydney and canterbury ended in controversy . nrl head of football todd greenberg has vowed to issue canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans . he said the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found .
sara martin, 37, from lititz, pennsylvania, has not spoken for weeks . she was diagnosed with aggressive, inoperable form of brain cancer in 2010 . her health declined this winter, prompting relatives to arrange hospice care . during recent visit, sister came up with new way to try to get her speaking . mrs martin, who has three children, uttered word 'florida' today . now, her family is taking her to south-west florida for final holiday .
bournemouth trailed birmingham city by two goals at the goldsands stadium . but a thrilling four-goal turnaround moved them back to the top of the championship . charlie daniels fired home from the edge of the box to seal the win . yann kermorgant slotted home a penalty to make it 3-2 .
tim visser was key player in edinburgh's dramatic win over london irish . the scotland winger signed a two-year deal with the scots this month . visser wants to end his career at the ground he will call home from next season .
corey edwards, five, was diagnosed with a congenital heart defect aged seven months . his parents craig, 28, and jemma, 21, were told he may not live much longer . they decided to get married at bristol children's hospital in devon . they were the first couple to marry at the hospital but had to get special permission from the archbishop of canterbury .
three quarters of uk holidaymakers are at risk of uv exposure because they use out-of-date sun cream . out-of-date lotions may separate and not spread evenly, meaning you may not be completely covered with vital uv filters . experts advise playing it safe and restocking your supllies to ensure skin is properly protected from damaging uva and uvb rays .
frank lampard should have started more games against west ham . phil jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking on club duty . tom cleverley has found a steely edge since tim sherwood took charge at aston villa .
new york mayor allegedly entering the race as a 'leftist' alternative to clinton . this comes in the wake of a television appearance last week, just hours before clinton announced her candidacy . de blasio has yet to endorse clinton, despite the fact that he was campaign manager of her u.s. senate bid in 2000 .
taylor lynn fast, 21, 'claimed spider bite caused 17-month-old layla's injuries' she 'had been bitten a day before police were called to her festus home' layla had severe injuries to her face and neck, and was bruised all over .
comcast is abandoning its bid to buy time warner cable for $45.2billion and create a mega-size tv and internet provider, it was reported today . the move comes after federal communications commission decided that merger wasn't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock following fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like disney and 21st century fox . columbia university professor and net neutrality activist tim wu tweeted: 'comcast merger is dead' .
moses yitzchok greenfeld, 19, from stamford hill, london, got into difficulty . he had been swimming with four friends in hampstead heath pond . eyewitness said at least seven police officers stood on bank looking for him . teenagers reportedly heard shouting to ambulance crews as they tried to save him .
dinghy carrying around 100 african refugees began to sink in the mediterranean . one muslim passenger ordered him to stop, saying: 'here, we only pray to allah' when he refused, a violent fight ensued and 12 christians drowned . comes amid reports that 10,000 refugees have been rescued by italian ships in the past week .
felipe massa has had a storming start to the new formula one season . the brazilian has twice been written off in the past, initially following his life-threatening accident in 2009 and again when he left ferrari at the end of 2013 . williams head of vehicle performance rob smedley claimed earlier this week he was seeing the best of the brazilian in their nine years working together .
a fifth of girls under 11 confess to having even tried diets . half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat .
the hague is home to one of the cornerstones of european art - vermeer's girl with a pearl earring . it was classed as a village until louis bonaparte set up here in 1806 .
at the peak of her career as an england netball player, tracey neville earned just £742 a month . she is phil neville's twin and sister to gary neville . tracey has risen to the rank of national head coach first .
the dog named stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion when sent to the groomers . the dog's thick coat had become uncomfortable in the recent sunshine . owner decided that what the dog really needed was a new look and opted to have half its coat shaved .
new zealand couple justin and jola transformed a truck into a castle-home . the truck appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck . when it is unfolded, the vehicle transforms into a majestic and cosy home for justin, jola and their baby son piko . the couple said their truck-castle was perfect for their travelling lifestyle, which involves constant travel due to jola's job as an acrobat in performing duo the twisty twinz .
isis has stepped up its use of teenage suicide bombers in recent weeks . young teenager named as abu hafs al-badri is cousin of isis leader abu bakr al-bagdadhi . abu hafs al-badri blew himself up at a checkpoint in iraq last month .
mauricio pochettino has likened harry kane to gabriel batistuta . kane scored on his full international debut against lithuania . england boss roy hodgson is mindful of keeping expectations in check .
tim sherwood became famous for wearing a gilet during his time as tottenham manager last season . aston villa goalkeeper shay given took to twitter to ridicule carles n'zogbia's outfit . n'zogbia has featured regularly under sherwood since his appointment .
fire boat massey shaw was requisitioned from the london fire brigade in 1940 and transported to dunkirk . after carrying 600 soldiers back to britain, the boat returned to london where it helped to save st paul's cathedral and other buildings . it went out of service in 1971, and four decades was used as a walkway in a london dock, allowing people to get to other bessels . but london fireman david rogers and the massey
coronation street star, 27, unveils summer range for lipsy . shows off summer dresses embellished with lace and florals . says her ultimate beauty secrets are drinking lots of water . swears by lvl eyelash 'flicking' treatments .
the cardboard gnome was signed by all four members of the beatles . he starred on the iconic cover of the fab four's 1967 album sgt pepper's lonely hearts club band . cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities were on the picture . following the shoot on march 30, 1967, mr cooper's photography assistant was given the 20-inch tall cardboard gnome as a souvenir by the band . the model has emerged for sale almost 50 years later after being listed for auction by a private collector .
social media experts say they have found a shocking connection between online traffic in downtown baltimore on monday and activity recorded during last summer's violent protests in ferguson . a leading data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in baltimore on monday were also used some 825 miles away in ferguson . the firm said the link suggests the presence of 'professional protesters' or anarchists who are in baltimore and are looking to take advantage of freddie gray's death to incite more violence 
obama cast the iran talks as part of a broader foreign policy doctrine that sees american power as a safeguard that gives him the ability to take calculated risks . the u.s. and other world powers reached a tentative agreement to curb iran's nuclear program in exchange for relief from economic sanctions . obama insisted the u.s. would stand by israel if it were to come under attack, but acknowledged that his pursuit of diplomacy with tehran has caused strain with the close ally .
police are investigating the hatton garden safe deposit heist . thieves stole hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash .
donna oettinger, 41, had sought urgent psychiatric help in the months before she and her son zaki died on train tracks in south london in march 2013 . she had tried to kill herself three months before the tragedy but was unable to receive the treatment recommended to her by doctors . her mental health had declined after discovering zaki's father, an egyptian national who could not travel to the uk, had a second family . she also was using cocaine regularly for six months and became convinced she had caused lasting damage and
wales climbed to 22, their highest-ever position in football's world order . chris coleman's side are unbeaten in euro 2016 qualifying . arsenal would be within touching distance of the finals in france .
nasa has released incredible footage taken by astronauts on spacewalks of the international space station . expedition 42 commander barry wilmore and flight engineer terry virts recorded three spacewalks on gopro cameras . the spacewalks were in preparation for the arrival of 2017's multibillion pound commercial spacecraft .
adam crapser, 39, of salem, oregon, was adopted from south korea as a toddler . he arrived in the u.s. in 1979 with his biological sister . however, his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive . at no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have . crapser's criminal convictions, ranging from burglary to assault, made him potentially deportable under immigration law .
incident happened on the a586 in great eccleston in lancashire last year . colin kay was driving his citroen picasso when the driver pulled in front of him . the 72-year-old was left with bruises and his wife krysia suffered a whiplash . mr kay has now taken his case to the ipcc after the officer went off sick .
julian speroni will take his crystal palace career into a 12th season . the goalkeeper signed from dundee in 2004 . speroni will have a testimonial against dundee at the end of the season .
aaron finch has had surgery on his left hamstring . australian batsman faces three months out of action . finch sustained the injury playing for mumbai indians in the ipl .
margaret bates, 60, said she wished she had killed james smith the first time she saw him . kelly-anne bates, 17, was tortured to death over three weeks by smith . he stabbed her with knives, forks and scissors, causing 150 injuries . mrs bates said: 'i wish i’d killed him the first time i saw him. that way kelly would still be alive'
study by university of jyvaskyla found exercise can increase grey matter in the brain, increasing the size of areas that contribute to balance and coordination . the changes in the brain may have health implications in the long-term, such as reducing the risk of falling . previous research found exercise is linked to lower levels of body fat, a reduced risk of heart disease, better memory and thinking, and a lower risk of type 2 diabetes .
star reader was diagnosed with biliary atresia within days of being born . her parents were told she would need a liver transplant in order to survive . her maternal aunt shanell reader offered part of her liver to save her . she has since saved the life of her niece, who has jaundice .
michael hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver jt mcgarry in 1980 . on wednesday, a judge dismissed the charges against him . on the day of his release last november, hanline asked for a hamburger 'they show on tv with the bacon on it' as he dug into his meal . 'my oh my, that's what meat tastes like huh?' he said after taking his first bite .
girls aged 16 to 18 at 27th march huizhou integrated high school in china . they are being taught how to use knives from a former special forces solider . the school has purchased 250 retractable knives which are entirely safe .
chip shop worker jeannie flynn, 53, lay stricken in the basement of a fulham cafe . she was walking to her gps when a man told her to walk around a hole . as she did so the ground gave way and she plummeted downwards . ms flynn was taken to a hospital in fulham and was found to have suffered whiplash and bruising . her partner chris jeffries, 48, claims she could have been killed in the accident .
nathan hughes's knee collided with george north's head on march 27 . northampton winger was left out cold and had to be taken off on a stretcher . hughes was initially suspended for three matches for the offence . wasps appealed the decision and the ban was over-turned on friday .
keir starmer ran the crown prosecution service for five years . he was in charge of operation elveden, which began witch hunt . pushed use of unheard of 13th century law to go after journalists .
will stevens has been using the world-class facilities at st george's park to help him climb the formula one ladder . the 23-year-old was introduced to st george's park by michael johnson performance, the training company founded by the four-time olympic champion . stevens was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential f1 drive .
duke and duchess of cambridge have moved back to kensington palace . prince william has finished his training as a pilot with east anglia air ambulance . he will now take the next month and a half off as unpaid paternity leave . prince harry will be back in the uk to watch the london marathon on sunday .
"daredevil" premiered its first season on netflix friday . 94% of critics say it's a "well-scripted, beautifully acted superhero saga"
the 22-year-old said she kneed jason lee, an ex-goldman sachs managing director, in the groin during the struggle . he forced her onto the floor whilst naked in the bathroom of his $35,000 a month rented mansion . she sobbed and said she was left in a state of 'disbelief' and begged her friends to take her home - because she felt that it was her fault .
the 40-year-old's son cooper blue and daughter kingsley rainbow were born on monday via a surrogate . dylan and her husband paul arrouet confirmed to people on wednesday afternoon that they 'are celebrating the birth of their twins' dylan is the founder and ceo of popular confectionery chain dylan's candy bar .
german photographer dieter klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields . he came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles, including a rare jaguar xk120 . many of the cars, often with doors, tires or windows missing, are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over .
perth glory will be excluded from the a-league finals for breaching the salary cap . glory were fined $269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table . fans set off a series of flares, unimpressed by attempts by officials to placate them . ffa chief executive david gallop said he expects perth's management to be removed in the wake of the mess .
siti zainab was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer . saudi authorities waited for the victim's youngest child to reach adulthood . indonesian president joko widodo and three predecessors had written to the saudi king asking for the victim's family to forgive zainab . but the sentence was carried out despite claims that zainab's family and officials were not given adequate notice or information before she was executed .
sally kohn: boston marathon commemorations will be marked in all sorts of ways . kohn: we thought we knew what was going on, but we were too much in the fog of war .
monsour alshammari, 27, is in the u.s. on a saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country's royal family . he was picked up by u.s. immigration and customs enforcement on friday and a judge in provo signed an arrest warrant on monday to extradite him back to utah . he had been charged on april 3 with rape, a first-degree felony, and obstructing justice, a second-degree felony .
kimberly dianne richardson, 25, was rushed to hospital in raleigh, north carolina, but died in the early hours of sunday . daniel steele, 25, was arrested at his home in raleigh not long after the shooting which occurred at approximately 9.40pm on saturday night . her baby, a girl, survived and is being cared for at wakemed hospital . steele was taken into custody and charged with murder .
mr miliband's party has jumped to 35 per cent, up one point from last month . tories remain stuck on 33 per cent, according to pollsters ipsos mori . only a third of the public see the labour leader as a 'capable leader'
peter moores could work with michael vaughan if he becomes england's new director of cricket . vaughan has emerged as the leading candidate to replace paul downton . moores is sad to see downton sacked as managing director of england cricket .
josh mason, who is standing in lib dem-held redcar, said deputy pm was 'not popular' he said a visit from the party leader would not 'do us any favours' mr clegg has seen a dramatic collapse in his popularity since 2010 . most lib dem mps are choosing to keep mr clegg off their leaflets . lib dems issued a 121 word statement on mr mason's behalf praising mr clegg for having 'real guts'
the karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident . it happened 18 miles from ardglass on the south-east shore of northern ireland . ardglass is one of northern ireland's main fishing ports .
glenn roeder and adam pearson join sheffield wednesday's new committee . the three-man task force is charged with returning the owls to the premier league . dejphon chansiri, the thai tycoon recently bought the club from milan mandaric .
fireball crackled across the sky near the russian-finnish border last year . it shared its orbit with asteroid 2014 ur116, which is due to pass by the moon in 2017 . this is according to a new study which claims the kola fireball had a 'disturbingly similar' path to the asteroid . researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory . they determined the fireball's path by studying its flight and the meteorite's final impact site, before creating a computer model .
the robbery took place at a lloyds bank branch in fairwater, cardiff . detectives have issued cctv images of the suspect, who is 5ft 9in to 6ft . the white male suspect, who has greying black hair and wore glasses, was captured on camera inside the bank .
joe root scored 118 not out on day three of the second test in grenada . england captain alastair cook had hoped to end his long wait for a century . root's average has now reached a hundred since his return to the england team last summer .
jack grealish made his first start for aston villa against qpr on tuesday . the 19-year-old watched his boyhood club lose twice at wembley in 2010 . grealish was handed his first premier league start by tim sherwood .
jenna louise driscoll was leaving a brisbane court for failing to appear on april 7 . the 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a bottle . she has been charged with seven counts of supplying or trafficking drugs, one charge of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality . ms driscoll was released on conditional bail and must report to police .
flight cancellations and delays are on the rise in the first quarter of 2015 . uk passengers faced more holiday chaos than during the same period last year . low-cost carrier monarch has seen the greatest increase in delays .
the zeta beta tau fraternity was suspended friday and charged with obscene behavior, public intoxication, theft, causing physical or other harm, and damage to property . nicholas connole, a wounded veteran who served 18 months in afghanistan and nine months in iraq, said he and his dog were spat on by students at panama beach retreat on april 17 . the university of florida and emory university have denied the allegations .
manchester city fans haven't fully bought into the idea that city could be one of the giants of europe . ricky hatton wants 'the old city back', while noel gallagher says there is 'apathy' towards the champions league among the city fans . pellegrini's calm was needed after roberto mancini's reign ended with a fractured dressing room .
captain niloofar rahmani, 23, is the first female fixed-wing air force aviator in afghanistan's history and has received death threats from the taliban . captain rahmani and nine other inspirational women from across the world were awarded the u.s secretary of state's international women of courage award . captain rahmani is the first female pilot in the afghan military since the fall of the taliban in 2001 .
ukip leader nigel farage met local people in broadstairs, kent . came after polls showed he had fallen behind the tories in his campaign . nick clegg was in kingston and surbiton to campaign with ed davey . he met seven-month-old elise popperwell and her mother melissa popperwell .
navinder singh sarao appeared at westminster magistrates' court on wednesday . he was bailed with a surety of £5million after failing to pay £5million bail . the 37-year-old faces extradition to the u.s. after allegedly causing the 2010 wall street crash .
mangu ram fled to kashmir as a refugee when he was 14 years old . for the past 70 years he has been denied citizenship rights by india's rulers . narendra modi's hindu nationalist party won a share of power in india's only muslim-majority state .
ahmed farouq died in a u.s. airstrike in january . he was the deputy emir of al qaeda in the indian subcontinent .
manny pacquiao will fight floyd mayweather on may 2 in los angeles . the filipino held an open workout at the wild card gym in hollywood . pacquiao opened up about his motivation, his belief in god and journey to the top in boxing .
alan spencer, 67, was tucking into dinner when he began to choke . he frantically tried to clear his throat and made his way to the door . but he collapsed in his hallway and felt his 'life slipping away' luckily 18-month-old lexi leaped into action and jumped on to his back .
marouane fellaini has emerged as a force to be reckoned with in manchester united's midfield of late . jamie carragher believes jose mourinho will bring kurt zouma into his midfield to neutralise fellaini . chelsea face united at stamford bridge on saturday in the premier league .
kelly parsons, 35, from london, has donated 50 of her eggs to childless couples . the mother-of-two has already enabled two couples to have twins . in the space of 11 months, her eggs have become twin girls, twin boys and a baby boy .
police were led to the site where stephanie scott's remains were found . her body was discovered in cocoparra national park north of griffith, nsw . the 26-year-old was last seen on easter sunday in leeton, nsw . her body was found on friday evening, the night before her wedding . vincent standford, 24, has been charged with her murder .
retired policeman spencer bell, 71, ventured on to motorway near watford . he was struck by a toyota driven by mother-of-three iram shahzad . mr bell was struck as he tended victim alan tretheway, 67, on m1 . mrs shahzad, 32, pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving . she was sentenced to 14 months imprisonment, suspended for two years, and banned from driving for 18
feel at home covers 18 destinations in europe, australia, the united states, asia and the middle east . the deal also covers france, italy, austria, switzerland, ireland, denmark, norway, sweden and finland . to call or text non-uk numbers, you will be charged extra, at roaming rates .
ashton wood launched a campaign to destroy his brand new jeep last year . he raised $18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy the car . jeep refused to pay a full refund for the car or replace it with a new one . one of the company's requests was for mr wood to apologise in a publication . but because no one would publish the apology, he will read it out on the abc's 'the checkout' tonight .
jacques burger alleged to have struck maxime machenaud during quarter-final . burger will face a disciplinary hearing on thursday . saracens face leicester in aviva premiership on saturday .
kendall and baylee are non-identical twins born with very different skin tones . one sister has black skin, the other is white and their father is half-jamaican . the girls have very different personalities and different skin tones .
ander herrera opened the scoring before half time against aston villa . wayne rooney doubled the lead before christian benteke pulled one back . herrera added his second and united's third late on to secure victory .
yves van de ven, 37, posted a picture of himself missing the top of the eiffel tower on social media . the belgian food blogger said he thought it would be hilarious to poke fun of the typical tourist pictures . he asked users to connect his finger with the top of the tower, as many tourist pictures aim to achieve .
the sru have agreed a £3.6million contract over three years with bt . bt had previously agreed to pay £20m over four years for the naming rights of murrayfield . the sru will take over from ousted backers rbs come the summer .
manchester city have defended price hikes after some fans saw prices double . some fans will now have to pay over £1,700 to watch manuel pellegrini's side . the club say upgrades have come in during the stadium's expansion .
mcdonnell and his wife, maureen, were convicted in september of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from star scientific inc. ceo jonnie williams . prosecutors had written in a 93-page submission to the court that mcdonnell's actions fit the definition of 'official acts' even better . a three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on mcdonnell's appeal of his public corruption convictions on may 12 .
a new york judge approved service of divorce papers on a husband via facebook . danny cevallos: service of process is an industry and its own body of law .
more than 500 houthi rebels have been killed, a saudi official says . the nine-nation coalition has launched 1,200 airstrikes since march 26 . clashes took place friday near the saudi-yemeni border .
david villa joined new york city fc from barcelona this season . the 33-year-old has so far scored one goal for the mls outfit . villa's bell ringing comes just weeks after a photo shoot at the top of the empire state building .
iona costello, 51, and her 14-year-old daughter emily were last seen on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of greenport . their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts . relatives of the 'quiet irish family', who own a horse farm on long island's north fork, reported them missing on tuesday .
the new york wheel will offer stunning panoramic views of the manhattan skyline . it will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers at a time . ticket prices will range from an estimated $25 to $30 for a 38-minute ride .
samantha cameron wore £185 emerald green wrap dress by the fold . wore it at conservative party's manifesto launch in swindon .
a suspect has been arrested after a duffel bag containing human remains was found on loughery way in cambridge, massachusetts, on saturday morning . the person, who will not be identified until their arraignment on monday, has not been charged with homicide . comes as more human remains have been found in the common area of an apartment complex across the road from where the bag was found .
conservatives have opened up a four-point lead over labour with 36% of vote . comres poll reveals labour, liberal democrats and ukip have all slipped . one in five of those who say they are likely to vote still not sure which party .
camellias are easy to grow, but picky about soil . they can be trained on walls, bent over arches and even grown as hedging . they stagger their flowering over a long time .
scott holder, a financial adviser from california, and jon reiter, a contractor from kenwood, california, were caught up in the deadly avalanche . reiter called his wife susan by satellite phone and said he was forced to zip a dead body into a sleeping bag . he described how doctors told him there is little chance the injured would survive .
150 art fans took part in a nude tour of an exhibition at the national gallery of australia on wednesday night . the tour was led by melbourne-based artist stuart ringholt . 'you don't have the clothing distracting you. and because of the light installations, everyone is very neutral,' said one man . the tour will run again on thursday night .
operation xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at skegby hall . it will also look into nine other centres in nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused . three of the 23 allegations relate to a former youth detention centre .
tom ryan, 40, was struck by a toyota while making deliveries on staten island . left his other leg hanging by a thread, with onlookers using shirt as tourniquet . married father-of-two was taken to staten island university before being transferred by air ambulance to belleview hospital . he has lost one leg, but is expected to live, ups representative said .
venezuelan native maickel melamed is battling muscular dystrophy . he completed the 26.2 miles just before 5 a.m. tuesday .
the man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states, including parts of alabama, arkansas, colorado, kansas, new mexico, ohio, oklahoma and texas . earthquakes, they said, were sometimes caused by fracking, in which large volumes of water, sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas .
leslie cooper, 36, charged with murder of abdul hadi arwani, 48 . mr arwani was found dead in his car in wembley last tuesday night . he was an outspoken opponent of the assad regime in his native syria . second man, 61, arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder mr arwani .
violeta tupuola, from canberra, has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge . the craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate kylie jenner's pout . violeta placed a shot glass over her mouth and sucked in until the vacuum of air causes the lips to swell . the shock of her creation caused social media users to compare her to a duck .
reports claim google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones, tablets and even electric cars can run for . sources told the wall street journal that the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable . google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former apple battery expert dr ramesh bhardwaj began leading a testing team .
bayern munich face porto in the champions league quarter-finals . bastian schweinsteiger and franck ribery are both out with ankle injuries . medhi benatia, david alaba, javi martinez and arjen robben are also out .
ashton taylor has slammed whole pantry founder belle gibson over her false cancer survival story . the 21-year-old was diagnosed with a severe brain condition in july 2013 . gibson has admitted she had made up her story about having brain cancer . 'i don't think she'll ever redeem herself. a simple sorry will not cut it,' miss taylor said .
lillian roldan, 39, says she dated cleveland kidnapper ariel castro from 2000 to 2003 . she visited his house often and ran into his ex-wife grimilda figueroa . castro would kidnap michelle knight, 21, and amanda berry, 17 . roldan says he kept his basement padlocked and kept his money there . she says it was 'love at first sight' when he invited her to watch him play music .
the child, whose name has not been released, suffered fatal injuries in the incident at grant elementary school in dumont, new jersey on march 6 and died later that day . he had been playing chess with another student when he became upset that his opponent didn't say 'checkmate' an aide overheard him saying to the other student: 'do you want me to do something drastic?'
hagrid the lamb was born on tuesday at the farm in gelston, lincolnshire . he is thought to be the biggest lamb ever born in the uk at 25lbs . despite his staggering size, his mother is in remarkably good condition .
woman fled raqqa in syria and said women are forced to cover up . she said: 'this is all forced on us by is, nothing at all of a woman is revealed' she said fear of is is making many join the terror group .
the justice department said tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of freddie gray, a black man who suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances . baltimore police officials, meanwhile, released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the 25-year-old and who've been suspended pending an investigation . hundreds of residents took to the streets of west baltimore on tuesday evening to protest the police force in gray's name .
tennessee last executed a prisoner in 2009 . since then, legal challenges and problems obtaining lethal injection drugs have stalled new executions . in 2013 and 2014, the state tried to jump-start the process with a new one-drug lethal injection method and the reinstatement of the electric chair as a backup . on friday, the court postponed the last of the scheduled execution dates . it will set new dates after the legal questions are settled .
charlotte watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body . these seven symptoms are an indicator you are stressed, she says . here, she reveals what to eat to replenish lost nutrients .
baroness brady appeared alongside david cameron at national grid training centre in newark, nottinghamshire . she announced creation of 16,000 new apprenticeships for young people . mr cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years, if tories win election . costa coffee and supermarket chain morrisons have signed agreements to train thousands of apprentices each .
derby drew 2-2 with watford at the ipro stadium on friday night . tom ince put derby 2-1 up before darren bent scored a penalty . matej vydra and odion ighalo scored for watford .
barcelona face psg in the champions league quarter-final on wednesday . psg have zlatan ibrahimovic, thiago silva and lucas moura in their squad . barcelona have already met psg twice during this year's champions league campaign .
winston reid signed a six-and-a-half year deal with west ham last month . the new zealander had been linked with arsenal and tottenham . reid believes he can fulfil all of his ambitions at west ham .
natali castellanos-tyler, 30, was returning home from a birthday party february 21 when she allegedly slid off a rain-soaked road and slammed her silver ford explorer into a tree . investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision that was caused by poor road conditions . elisa tyler emerged from the accident largely unscathed, but her father, craig tyler, said the little girl has been plagued by disturbing nightmares and daytime visions
gonzalo higuain and marek hamsik scored for napoli in the first half . manolo gabbiadini made it four minutes after coming on as a second-half substitute . former arsenal striker nicklas bendtner pulled one back for the hosts .
three-day programme packed with informative seminars for budding authors . experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry and offer advice . experienced authors will reveal how they launched their publishing careers .
jia huaijin, 33, now hand-makes swords that sell for up to £22,000 each . he uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords . swords feature prominently in ancient chinese history .
church elder kathleen bailey was given power of attorney over friend's finances . 70-year-old was carer for 87-year-old who was battling breast cancer . but she helped herself to £1,500 and used money to finance trips to wales . she was handed a 12-month suspended jail sentence at bolton crown court .
the key for easter indulgence is noting our 'energy in' and 'energy out' and balancing food and fitness . a small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to work off . for four solid mini chocolate easter eggs it would take 30 to 40 minutes of walking to work off the 550 kilojoules .
manchester united defeated manchester city 4-2 in the premier league . chris smalling scored united's fourth goal in their 4-2 derby win . smalling has now scored four premier league goals this season .
england midfielders jordan henderson and jack wilshere are targets . manchester city need more english players in their starting line-up . city also maintain interest in liverpool's unsettled raheem sterling .
jessica ennis-hill won heptathlon gold at london 2012 olympics . she has not competed since 2013 as she took time off to become a mother . ennis-hill will return to compete in sainsbury's anniversary games . british heptathlete katarina johnson-thompson is ennis-hill's heir .
mike hand, 39, has been paralysed from the waist down after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spinal cord . he and his wife kate tried to claim for financial support to adapt their semi-detached home in haydock, merseyside . but they were told they would have to earn 'virtually nothing' to receive the grant because they don't claim any income support or benefits . mr hand is almost ready to leave st helen's hospital after undergoing surgery and rehabilitation .
toby huntington-whiteley, 25, stars in new ad for jacamo . the personal trainer is joined by cricketer freddie flintoff, 37 . he has been the face of jacamo for the last four years .
a brazilian website claims to have the new chelsea kit for sale . the kit can be purchased with gareth bale's name on the back . didier drogba's chelsea deal expires at the end of the season .
mike cannon-brookes has splashed out on a sought-after property in sydney's east . the 35-year-old it entrepreneur is australia's equal richest self-made billionaire under 40 . he shares the title with his business partner scott farquhar after they established software company atlassian 12 years ago . cannon-brookes, now a married father, is reportedly the mystery buyer who spent $12 million to make a stunning 1918 centennial park mansion their home .
tiger woods played in the par-3 contest for the first time since 2004 . woods said it is all about 'having fun, enjoying it and not winning' his children caddied for him and his girlfriend lindsey vonn .
a concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week . virginia’s portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama's federal lunch rules . 'the meal in this photo and other meals served by portsmouth public schools meet nutritional and usda requirements,' said food service coordinator jim gehlhoff .
john lewis has slashed prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog christmas trees, festive ornaments and decorations . comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent £7million on its tear-jerking 2014 christmas advert campaign featuring monty the penguin . office worker georgina adams was shocked to see the giant high street outlet still stocking the products .
iraq's nineveh plain has been emptied of its ancient christianity community . christians in syria, libya, pakistan, india, egypt, kenya and nigeria have been targeted by extremists .
richie benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after battling skin cancer . sportsmail recounts 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career . benaud narrated channel nine's powerful tribute to phillip hughes .
nyia parler, 41, cannot be extradited until she completes an unspecified "treatment," police say . the quadriplegic man was found friday "lying in leaves, covered in a blanket with a bible and a wheelchair"
jack cosgrove has agreed to join edinburgh on a two-year deal . the 20-year-old prop has been capped nine times for the dark blues under 20s side . edinburgh reached the european cup final last week .
oklahoma gov. mary fallin signs a bill that would allow executions with nitrogen gas . nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen .
fedex, a courier service, has been named as a new defendant in the war on drugs . a 15-count indictment alleges conspiracies, transporting prescription pharmaceuticals dispensed with illegal prescriptions .
daniel buccheri toasted his brother adrian and his new wife sarah at their march 29 wedding in melbourne using his voice . the unique speech performed by daniel at poet's lane in sherbrooke, east of melbourne, has been viewed over 100,000 times online . daniel started off his speech in a mellow tone on the keyboard, singing of his love for his brother to the tune of stay with me . he also delves into his childhood and says he always looked up to
oscar 'papoo' hernandez jr, 24, said he was 'awed' by aaron hernandez when he shipped him an assault rifle and two handguns in april 2013 . hernandez, 25, was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for the murder of odin lloyd in 2013 . hernandez had been a rising star in the nfl with a $41million contract at the time .
le manoir aux quat'saisons is a 15th century manor house built with golden bricks and burgundy roof tiles . it boasts tall chimney stacks and climbing wisteria and an organic kitchen garden . the restaurant has held two michelin stars for the best part of the 30 years since it opened .
video was taken of a routine skydive in everöd, sweden . it was recorded on the helmet of one of the divers, kristoffer  ⁇ rstadius . at that moment, the camera becomes detached and plunges to the ground . remarkably, the camera remains intact despite falling from 10,000ft .
stephen a. smith received a one-week suspension for claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence . smith said floyd mayweather jr's boxing career should be looked at separate from his domestic violence history . manny pacquiao's trainer freddie roach is taking a 'good vs. evil' approach prior to the boxer's upcoming fight against mayweather .
hizb ut-tahrir (ht) has 'attacked activists in aleppo alongside nusra front' several british men linked to isis, including mohammed 'jihadi john' emwazi, came in contact with group while studying at westminster university . ht denies any involvement with nusra front or al-qaeda in syria .
john shipton's unique two-bedroom home at 36 kent street, newtown sold for $1.42 million on wednesday . the unique home was first put on the market for at least $1.1 million, but failed to sell in an initial auction in mid-march . mr shipton, whose son julian assange is still seeking refuge in london’s ecuadorean embassy, managed to secure a buyer for well over his asking price .
the man, who only gave his name as chris, ordered some computer equipment be delivered from griffith university at nathan in brisbane’s south to a parcel locker at sunnybank . the package was picked up from the sender in nathan, queensland, on monday, april 20 at 12:26pm . it was then sent 934kms to an australia post facility in chullora, nsw, and arrived on tuesday, april 21 at 1:1
mario mandzukic was battered and bruised during atletico madrid's champions league quarter-final first leg against real madrid . the croatian was punched in the stomach by fellow real defender dani carvajal . mandzukic is expected to be fit for the return at the bernabeu on wednesday .
stoke city have opened talks with evian flyer daniel wass . the denmark international is available for around £3.5million . wass has been watched by chelsea, liverpool and newcastle .
steve clarke insists his reading side must be 'perfect' to have any chance of beating arsenal at wembley on saturday . the royals have struggled in the championship this season . arsene wenger's side are the in-form side in the premier league .
floyd mayweather invited adrien broner for a feast at his mansion . broner took to instagram to show off the food on offer . chef q has been cooking for mayweather since his fight for manny pacquiao was announced .
all the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $23trillion in 2009 . land in the country, minus all buildings, roads and trees, reached its peak value of $26.2 trillion in 2006 before sliding down three trillion dollars in three years . washington dc had the greatest land value, with land costing $1,050,000 per acre . new jersey, connecticut and massachusetts all have per acre values above $100,000 .
donna hussey, 32, targeted on facebook and branded a 'bad mum' by trolls . her son freddie was killed when runaway trailer mounted pavement and crushed him against a wall in bedminster, bristol . mrs hussey had just dropped her eight-year-old son archie to school . she said: 'i've had lots of hurtful comments and people facebooking me'
lindsay sandiford, 58, is on death row in bali for smuggling cocaine . she believes that she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling . sandiford has told a friend she 'wants to get it over with' australian drugs gang leader andrew chan is to be shot this week . he will be shot along with eight other prisoners on indonesia's 'execution island'
fernando hierro believes real madrid can win the champions league . carlo ancelotti's side face atletico madrid in the quarter-finals . hierro believes the urge to be champions is in the club's dna .
jenny-lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy . doctors at sydney's prince of wales hospital in randwick told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy . however she refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion . her mother heather has told the daily telegraph that her daughter believed the cancer treatment would harm her unborn child . heather blamed local doctors for her daughter's unnecessary death, claiming they should have tested her sooner
the rare albino bottlenose dolphin has been making waves at the taiji whale museum in southern japan . while bottlenose dolphins are typically grey, the mammal is completely white– apart from the quirky tendency to turn pink when it's feeling angry, sad or even embarrassed . the pink tone is a result of the animals thin skin, which means its blood vessels can cause a change in skin tone depending on their emotional state . the rare specimen is believed to be only the second one ever put on display in an aquarium after it was purchased from fishermen last year .
the nfl expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from alzheimer's disease or moderate dementia someday . the settlement approved on wednesday by a federal judge in philadelphia would pay them about $190,000 on average . the deal means the nfl may never have to disclose what it knew when about the risks and treatment of concussions .
mark hughes has urged gareth bale to stay at real madrid . the welshman has been linked with a return to the premier league . hughes played with gary lineker under terry venables at barcelona .
attorney for freddie gray's family says police had "no reasonable suspicion" to arrest him . baltimore police say two people were detained for disorderly conduct and property destruction . protesters are upset over a police union comparison of the demonstrations to a "lynch mob"
tom ballard plans to climb k2, 20 years after his mother died descending it . alison hargreaves, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds in 1995 . mr ballard became the first to solo climb all six of the great north faces . k2 is regarded as more difficult to reach than the summit of mount everest .
joao teixeira has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a broken leg . the 22-year-old sustained the injury during brighton's 0-0 draw with huddersfield on tuesday night . brighton boss chris hughton has said it 'is a real blow' to lose teixeira .
martin odegaard has been dropped from real madrid's b-team castilla . the 16-year-old wonderkid is said to be on a different wavelength to his castilla team-mates as he rarely trains with them . odegaard joined real madrid for £2.3million from stromsgodset in january .
ruben navarrette: baltimore police were blamed for doing too little and for doing too much . navarrette: the whole nation saw baltimore at its worst .
jonathan krueger, the photo editor at the university of kentucky and a junior in the college of communication and information, was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. friday . police charged justin smith, 18, with the murder friday afternoon after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning . smith was also charged with robbery, tampering with evidence, and fleeing and evading .
pm backs royal couple's choice of private care for kate's second birth . says he supports people's right to choose treatment options but praises nhs . baby is already believed to be late – and will officially be overdue .
alastair cook's innings into day three in grenada was spot on . the england captain was out playing shannon gabriel on for 76 . cook's problem has been opponents stopping him scoring in areas where he has always been prolific .
doug hughes, a florida postal worker, flew a gyro-copter onto the capitol's west lawn on wednesday . he was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace . hughes said it was a political protest . he was released on his own recognizance afterward and instructed to check in weekly with authorities in tampa starting next week .
'insta-fame' is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs, according to leading australian modelling agencies . vivien's models has introduced an 'influencers' section to accommodate client demand for social media numbers . 'that line of just being a model is being blurred,' said one agency .
union conference heard schools are struggling to cope with influx of children . teachers have warned that pupils across the uk speak up to 300 languages . english-speaking children not getting 'fair share' of attention from teachers .
levar jones, 36, was shot in the stomach by officer sean groubert, 31 . groubert had stopped jones over suspected seatbelt violation . jones has no criminal record and was unarmed when he was shot . he said he wanted to see non-lethal methods introduced for police .
ian rogers, 36, from leicester, became hooked on the supernatural as a child . he now owns nine haunted dolls which contain their own personalities . haunted dolls are said to contain spirits of people who have passed on .
boy, 8, taken to hospital after falling victim to 'sleeper' prank . he was suffocated until he passed out from lack of oxygen, police said . greater manchester police have issued a warning to parents over game . the child is believed to have had underlying health problems .
dr frederic brandt, 65, was found hanged in his miami home on friday . he had been suffering from depression and had been comparing himself to the grotesque character of dr franff in tina fey’s netflix show . the city of miami police confirmed the suicide after daily mail online broke the news earlier .
the ashton canal was filled with heavy suds which appeared after a fire at an industrial unit occupied by a drug development company . it is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings . this then turned into a huge wall of foam when it drained into the canal, which runs in the shadow of manchester city's etihad stadium . the environment agency have launched an investigation to assess if the foam has impacted on wildlife .
john young, 66, and wife elaine, 54, were sat in front room of their home in oldham . thugs began pelting his front window with stones before smashing glass . mr young went to remonstrate with the attackers but was hit in left eye . suffered an open wound to his forehead and a serious injury to his left eye . doctors were unable to save his eyesight meaning he is now blind in one eye .
marine le pen has accused her father jean-marie of committing 'political suicide' she has blocked her father's return to the far-right party . tensions had escalated after he defended previous comments describing nazi gas chambers as a 'detail of history'
labour's plans to impose rent controls are 'economically illiterate', miliband said . but experts, business and even labour figures have warned they will backfire . miliband said rent controls would give 'forgotten' renters a fairer deal . but campaign group said plans were 'riddled with loopholes' and may make tenants' lives worse .
novak djokovic beats thomas berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in monte carlo masters final . serbian world number one extends winning streak to 17 matches . djokovic becomes first man to win opening three masters tournaments .
kenneth stancil iii was forcibly removed from a wayne county courtroom in goldsboro, north carolina on thursday after he swore at the judge and flipped over a table . he is accused of shooting dead his gay supervisor, 44-year-old ron lane, at wayne community college on monday before fleeing more than 500 miles south . stancil was arrested sleeping on daytona beach on tuesday and charged with open murder .
as the world awaits the birth of william and kate's second baby, potential names have become the topic of rampant speculation and heated debate . there seems to be a belief that the couple are expecting a princess . if the assumptions are correct, she will be the first princess of cambridge born into the royal family in 182 years .
kevin mirallas was one of everton’s top performers in the first half of the campaign . the belgian attacker has tailed off following a number of hamstring injuries . roberto martinez wants to keep loanee aaron lennon .
matt pliska, who is also a survivor of leukemia, asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year . on their big night, the juniors from waupaca, michigan, made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read: 'real friends don't count chromosomes' the sign refers to the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 .
a quarter of australians have opted for solo living . 70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men . the affluent suburbs of potts point, rushcutters bay and elizabeth bay make up nearly 60 percent of solo households . many feel that they are still judged for their residential choice .
a 71-year-old man and 64-year-old woman have been charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm . a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in bundaberg on thursday . the couple, both from bundaberg, will appear in the bundaberg magistrates court on friday . local speculation suggests the site is a common dumping ground for unwanted racing greyhounds .
greece is due to repay £330million loan to imf on thursday . but there were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default . deputy finance minister said greece will make payment on time .
wang pingan locked up his mountain bike to check out electronics markets in shenzhen . police tracked it down and returned it to wang, who recognized it instantly . wang has cycled around china for 460 days, covering every major province in the vast country .
millions still tune in but listen for much shorter bursts, figures show . average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to bbc radio in 2014 . this was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier, when listeners clocked up an average of 11.6 hours a week .
fc united of manchester beat stourbridge 1-0 in their evo-stik north title clash . the win sees them move two promotions away from the football league . the club were set up in protest at the glazer family's takeover of manchester united .
kay bennett, 33, from swindon, has 18 tattoos on her face . resigned from last job because she felt 'left out' by colleagues . says she can't afford laser removal and wants well-wisher to pay .
natalie bennett has been dating boyfriend jim jepps for five years . he used a blog called the daily maybe to defend 'rape fantasies' ms bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her . but now the green party says they do not 'want to be associated' with his posts .
jon cryer dances to otis redding's "try a little tenderness" on "late late show" he dances in tandem with host james corden .
matthew hall, 25, climbed onto the balconies in of his victims and hid . he harassed young women scaling the walls of trendy apartment blocks . hall, of farnborough road, manchester, jailed for two years after he admitted two attempted burglaries and one burglary .
siamese choupette earned £2.18million last year - £220,000 less than cara delevingne, one of the world's top models, who took home £2.4million . lagerfeld, 82, said his cat was picked to appear in ads for cars in germany and beauty products in japan . he said she was 'too sophisticated' to advertise food for other cats .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on saturday . the mega-fight is expected to gross over $300million . diddy placed a $250,000 bet with actor mark wahlberg .
the contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue . the australian team won a grant for a next generation condom in 2013, giving them access to us$100,000 to use on research . the groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication, topical drug delivery, and even electric conductivity .
argentina begins legal action against british companies exploring for oil . follows provocative speech by argentinian president cristina fernandez de kirchner . buenos aires responded by accusing three british oil firms of working without permission .
peter sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in broadmoor prison . he may now be moved to a cushy priory unit set in berkshire woodland . families of his victims are furious about the move, it has been claimed . sutcliffe expressed remorse and said he no longer hears 'voices from god'
argentina has said it will prosecute oil companies operating off the falklands . officials claim companies active there are acting 'illegally' in argentine territory . discovery comes amid worsening relations with buenos aires .
calum chambers, eric dier and john stones have all enjoyed excellent campaigns . the trio have cost £19million between them, so they are not exactly surprise packages . chambers and stones are still 20 and dier is 21 but there are no signs of fear in their games .
frank knight posted an apology on a supporters' messageboard on thursday . knight has 34 friends on his private account . blackpool fans have been protesting against the oyston family before matches and then not attending the games .
sofinar gourian, known as 'safinaz', fined £15,000 after being found guilty . dancer wore tight dress in red, white and black color scheme . expected to avoid jail time after paying £10,000 bail and launching appeal . insulting flag made illegal by decree under egyptian president adly mansour .
summer michelle hansen, 32, of california entered a guilty plea in february to 16 felony counts related to sex acts . the mother of three must also register as a sex offender for life . parents of the victims were disappointed that the judge approved hansen's plea agreement, as she could have faced 13 years in prison if convicted at trial .
prince harry has begun a month-long secondment to australian defence force . he took an hour-long break at the tiny township of wuggubun in western australia . resident barry trust described him as 'a real delightful chap'
leicester host swansea in the premier league on saturday . the foxes are three points from safety after back-to-back wins . last week's 3-2 win at west brom handed them a survival lifeline .
bath moved within one point of aviva premiership leaders northampton . exiles were ahead at half-time thanks to tom court's try . bath were in imperious form in the second period and coasted to victory . chris noakes registered the first points of the night for the visitors .
waitress reveals how new zealand prime minister repeatedly gave her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in auckland . john key kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told by his wife bronagh to stop during election time last year . mr key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions .
manchester united have made an official approach for psv eindhoven winger memphis depay . red devils boss louis van gaal is keen to make depay one of his first signings this summer . depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for psv this season .
edwin 'jock' mee worked at army careers centre in croydon, south london . allegedly locked woman in room and raped her as he called her a 'sweet woman' the woman, now 27, claims mee raped her as he called her a 'sweet woman' mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one count of assault by penetration .
john t. booker jr. of topeka, kansas, is charged with trying to detonate a car bomb at fort riley . a second man, who allegedly knew about the bomb plot but didn't call authorities, is charged with failing to report a felony .
yaya toure looks likely to leave manchester city this summer . the ivorian has struggled to impose himself on the field at city . toure has been a key part of the club's transition from wealthy hopefuls to twice champions . if and when he does go his legacy should be a positive one .
siem de jong is hopeful of returning to the first-team against swansea . the dutch midfielder has been out for eight months with a collapsed lung . de jong played 45 minutes for newcastle's under-21s team on wednesday .
remains of badgers, hyenas, leopards, wolves and badgers found in cave . scratches on walls and hibernation nests suggest they lived there 200,000 years ago . neanderthals may have hunted deer, rhinos and megaloceros in the cave .
caitlin kellie-jones developed hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy (hie) it occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood . she was placed in a cooling wrap to keep her at 33.5 degrees for 72 hours . caitlin was diagnosed with hie minutes after birth and given hypothermia . the wrap allows the brain to cool down and minimises the damage . she is now ten months old and is able to feed and play .
the anthem of the seas sailed past the explorer of the seas as it departed southampton docks on its maiden voyage today . the world's third largest cruise liner has 16 decks and can carry almost 5,000 passengers . the cruise liners will both be based in southampton and serve europe and the mediterranean over the summer . the highly-anticipated new cruise ship, which was officially named earlier this week, is set to welcome more than 80,000 people on board this summer .
prosecutors said james holmes, 27, was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training, but evidence shows months before the shooting he was preparing for violence . if the 12 jurors, chosen from a pool of 9,000, decide that holmes was mentally ill at the time of the shooting, he will be committed indefinitely to a state psychiatric hospital . holmes killed 12 people and injured 70 more in one of america's deadliest mass shootings .
in january the care quality commission branded hinchingbrooke in cambridgeshire as 'inadequate' and placed it in special measures . today the watchdog will upgrade this to 'requires improvement' and publish a glowing report . experts say it is evidence that the inspection was flawed and a stitch-up by labour party activists and trade unionists who oppose privatisation .
kimberly waddell macemore, 25, of wilkesboro, was sentenced on tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison . the sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation . macemore was a second year english teacher at west wilkes high school when she was suspended without pay following her arrest in may 2014 .
hanghang was using the old phone as an alarm when he woke up for school . he said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face, exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs . doctors said he had 4cm injury to his face which exposed part of his lower jawbone as well as trauma to his left hand as well as lower legs and knees .
floyd mayweather posted a picture on his shots account on wednesday . the boxer is preparing for the most expensive fight in boxing history . muhammad ali wants manny pacquiao to beat mayweather in las vegas . click here for all the latest boxing news .
jarret stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews, a former espn employee who now works as an nfl sideline reporter for fox sports . the nhl player was arrested on friday in las vegas on suspicion of possession of cocaine and mdma at the wet republic pool at the mgm grand . the charges include possession of class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy .
media personality deborah hutton has released a cookbook . 'my love affair with food' features over 40 recipes . hutton bucks 'health trend' in favour of wholesome food .
prince george has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo on his arm . he addresses a female doctor with 'oi, oi! hello treacle' puppet show newzoids starts tonight at 9pm on itv .
the 33-year-old and husband henry hager already have a daughter, mila, who turns two later this month . during a segment in which jenna was discussing what her 'next adventure' would be, she pointed to her tummy and asked her one-year-old daughter to help make the announcement . 'baby sissy!' she said of her daughter's reaction to the news: 'she's excited, she's so cute. she keeps saying baby sissy!'
harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time . scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live . they were able to spot blood vessels up to 240 microns (0.0024mm) below the surface of the tongue . the researchers say the sensory changes are tied to cold antarctic temperatures, where penguins originated .
samir al-khlifawi, a former iraqi army colonel better known as nom de guerre haji bakr, explains in detail how isis were able to take control in syria . haji bakr is widely considered to have been isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi's closest advisor and the overall head of his military council . he was executed by the syrian martyr's brigade in january 2014 .
indonesian president joko widodo confirms executions of bali nine duo . andrew chan and myuran sukumaran set to face firing squad as soon as all appeals have concluded . three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals .
houston owner safer hassan has 30 days to get rid of '370h55v' plate . texan department for motor vehicles deemed plate 'offensive' .
gisele bundchen walked the runway for the last time wednesday . tom brady expressed his love for her on facebook .
nicola sturgeon refused to rule out holding second referendum in next few years . said she respected last year's result and would not call for a plebiscite in manifesto . first minister accused of holding britain to 'ransom' for 'offering to make ed miliband prime minister'
guo kai and dong hui, who turned 22 on monday, had planned to tie the knot . but dong was diagnosed with bone cancer and admitted to hospital . dong had to stay lying down the whole time due to her condition . guo arranged for professional photographers to come to take the pictures .
real madrid face rivals atletico madrid in champions league quarter-final . carlo ancelotti's side drew 0-0 with atletico in first leg last week . dani carvajal looked exhausted after play-fighting with team-mates .
jordan henderson has signed a new long-term contract at liverpool . the england vice-captain could be handed the armband when steven gerrard leaves for the los angeles galaxy at the end of the season . henderson was lined up as makeweight in a failed bid to sign fulham's clint dempsey .
bob shannon, 59, charged with a sexual assault on a girl under the age of 16 . he helped prepare ricky hatton for his comeback fight against vyacheslav senchenko in november 2012 . the former two-weight world champion lost and promptly retired . shannon's stable includes hatton's brother, matthew, the european welterweight champion, and fighters who have won british and european titles .
tate ricks, nine, was fishing with his grandmother's boyfriend when their boat capsized and he was not found at shore . the 14-foot johnboat was hit by a wake around 5.30pm on saturday . crews began a rescue operation on saturday around 6pm, and officials did confirm they discovered the capsized boat . officials are using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy .
hashtags work with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text . emoji are popular in the instagram community, with nearly half of captions already featuring the small pictures . instagram has also unveiled three new filters called lark, reyes and juno .
andy murray has confirmed that he will take a prolonged break from amelie mauresmo after wimbledon . the scot parted company with ivan lendl last year because the czech was no longer able to spend half the year travelling . mauresmo is expecting a baby in august and will be replaced by swede jonas bjorkman .
lucy scott, from edinburgh, created doodle diary of a new mom: an illustrated journey through one mommy's first year . the charming collection features 120 illustrations, capturing everything from a baby's first lunch out, to a spot-on depiction of sleep deprivation .
an undergraduate student at duke university has admitted to hanging a noose from a tree and is no longer on campus, university officials said thursday . the noose was found about 2am wednesday in a plaza at the heart of the campus . the student was identified with information provided by other students and will be subject to duke's student conduct process . the school believes federal education laws protecting information about students and their grades prevent the school from describing his or her gender, race or whether the student had been in trouble in the past .
michael rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in october 2005, pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him . the plaintiff, luis colon, claimed that rapiejko choked him and ordered that he get back into his car . colon was charged with obstructing governmental administration, resisting arrest and disorderly conduct, all charges that were dropped in 2006 . in the end, the city settled with colon for $20,000 under the condition that he
colourful cocktails are easy to drink but often contain vast amounts of alcohol . femail reveals the 10 most alcoholic cocktails in the world . from zombie to negroni, sazerac and death in the afternoon .
liverpool have made some poor decisions in terms of signings and contracts since luis suarez departed . raheem sterling is earning less than mario balotelli at present . sterling's agent has been accused of giving him bad advice . liverpool have repeatedly told the press and the fans that sterling would sign the new deal .
amir khan enjoyed a family day at six flags discovery kingdom in california . the bolton-born boxer was joined by his wife faryal makhdoom khan as well as his daughter lamysa . khan has announced his next fight will be against chris algieri on may 30 .
skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from korea’s silla dynasty . archaeologists are almost certain that the tomb was intended for a noblewoman, because her body is carefully positioned to face the sky . the man she is lying with may have been killed so he could be buried with her . the tomb is made of soil and stone and was discovered last december in hwangnam-dong, a neighbourhood of gyeongju city in south korea .
michelle carter, 18, is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the death of her friend, conrad roy iii, 18, last july . her lawyers are pushing to have the case moved to a different county, saying it's 'impossible' for carter to receive a fair trial in the area because the district attorney is the victim's third cousin . however the district attorney's office filed a response arguing that the da, thomas quinn, has excused himself from any involvement in the case 
serge gnabry played 90 minutes for arsenal under 21s against reading . the 19-year-old has not played for the gunners since march last year . gnabry has been struggling with a serious knee injury .
karim benzema limped out of real madrid training with a knee injury . carlo ancelotti has revealed benzema will miss the game against malaga . isco is expected to replace benzema for saturday's game at the bernabeu .
liverpool midfielder philippe coutinho met with brazil icon pele . coutinho says it was the 'ultimate honour' to speak with pele . coutinho is looking to follow in brazil's footsteps and make no 10 shirt his own .
janet street-porter posted picture on twitter with the caption ‘just met nicola sturgeon lookalike out canvassing!’ . the snp leader was called ugly, vile, ‘someone who deserves to die’ . all pollsters agree that the snp is destined to win the vast majority of the seats (up to 50) north of the border .
julie stauch and married couple sean bagniewski and vidhya reddy all appear in hillary clinton's video announcing her 2016 presidential bid . they are part of a diverse group of people chosen to show aspirational citizens as clinton looks to speak to wide demographic of voters . but far from being 'everyday americans', as the video claims, bagniewski, who has previously run as for des moines city council, was a campaigner for clinton in 2007 .
martyn reuby won first round of legal battle against unite after tribunal ruled he had been employed to teach its courses . 59-year-old, a unite member for 42 years, claims he was sacked by the union after complaining that he and more than 100 colleagues were employed on a zero-hours basis . he welcomed the ruling, saying: 'it is hypocrisy (on their part) because effectively what they were using was zero-hours contracts through the back door'
bishop robert finn, 62, offered his resignation under code of canon law . it allows bishops to resign early for illness or 'grave' reason . but children's rights advocates are urging pope francis to do more . finn got into trouble after he waited six months before notifying police about reverand shawn ratigan . ratigan had computer containing hundreds of lewd photos of young girls .
adam federici let alexis sanchez's shot slip through his grasp in extra-time . the reading goalkeeper could only watch on as it trickled over the line . the 30-year-old has received unwavering support from his manager .
sgt. bowe bergdahl was captured by the taliban in june of 2009 . he claims he deserted his post in afghanistan because of ptsd . three of bergdahl's comrades say admiral mike mullen knew that . mullen was certain that bergdahl had fled the army and was guilty of desertion .
ines dumig's photo series "apart together" is about somali refugee sahra . dumig met sahra through a photo workshop at refugio, a shelter in munich, germany . dumig: "i realized so many people want to come to europe, and i always had the feeling to disappear"
iran's president hassan rouhani has pledged to abide by nuclear deal . the deal promises to end years of crippling sanctions against iran . it aims to prevent tehran making nuclear weapon in exchange for relief . the marathon talks between iran and six world powers had run out . david cameron and barack obama insisted the deal was 'strong' .
jasper and jasmine were surrendered to pug rescue and adoption victoria in 2013 with a variety of health problems . they were morbidly obese, struggling to breathe, and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis, where a thick brown pigment covered their corneas . after six months of rehabilitation, in which both dogs lost 3kg and had their sight almost entirely restored, they were found a loving home . the couple, who describe their new pets as inseparable, soon decided their relationship was like that of a boyfriend and girlfriend .
the unidentified woman was stuck in traffic behind president obama's motorcade in louisville, kentucky, on thursday . dispatchers received a call at 5.15pm from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital . a nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery .
yong soo lee, 16, was forced into sexual slavery by japanese imperial army during wwii . japanese prime minister shinzo abe will address congress on wednesday .
shelly sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge's ruling this week that stiviano, 32, must return $2.6 million in sugar daddy gifts . donald sterling lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $1.8 million house, luxury cars and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades . but shelly insisted on wednesday she didn't take them to court over the money .
nine lots to go under the hammer at bonhams auction house on thursday . among the most striking is a roman bracelet worth £5,000 . a pair of earrings depicting aphrodite and eros expected to fetch £2,000 .
tottenham goalkeeper hugo lloris injured his knee against leicester city . lloris will miss sunday's game against burnley with gashed knee . mauricio pochettino could be without roberto soldado at turf moor .
garnet, montana, was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver, but it was devastated by fire in 1912 . the town has since been restored, but remains empty, and local folklore says the area is haunted by former residents . the u.s. bureau of land management is offering free food, housing a job to people willing to live in garnet and work as a tour operator .
carol cole was 17 years old when she disappeared from a texas juvenile detention center in october 1980 . police in louisiana found her stabbed nine times in the back and chest stashed under a pile of leaves in the woods outside shreveport in january 1981 . for 34 years, carol's family searched in vain for the troubled teen . now, social media has brought carol's family and louisiana detectives together .
matt dunford, 30, bombarded model amanda branco with up to 50 messages a day . bodybuilder tried to blackmail her out of £5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down . when she refused to pay bodybuilder mocked-up escort website profile . he was found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence in his absence . dunford was given a 12 month community order and told to do 120 hours unpaid work .
cecily hamilton, 16, and her friend taylor swing, 18, died on march 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in white county and into the water below . shannon hamilton, who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act, was arrested by deputies on gene nix road on sunday . hamilton, together with friends and family members, had traveled to the bridge to errect a temporary barrier he had created to prevent cars from driving off the roadway .
georgia high school basketball coach greg scott, 51, was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia on monday . the married father-of-two died less than 24 hours later . scott had taught special education and social studies at cass high school for the past eight years and was the school's head basketball coach . initially, scott and his family were told that his leukemia was treatable . but he succumbed to the illness unexpectedly .
lesley conman's daughter abbie, 12, was sent sexualised messages on facebook . kerry green's daughter emily, 13, was sent messages by an online pervert . but police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed .
capital one first provider to scrap cashback offer for new customers . comes after announcement of eu cap limiting fees for processing payments . financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit .
uefa have ordered montenegro to play next two qualifying games behind closed doors . russia goalkeeper igor akinfeev was struck by a lit flare during the match in podgorica . the match was abandoned after 67 minutes when trouble erupted between players . both teams left the field and referee deniz aytekin called off the game .
elijah cook was born in coon rapids, minnesota, on january 2 . tests confirmed he was profoundly death in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right . last month, he was fitted with hearing aids that allowed him to hear his mother's voice for the first time .
gerry pickens, 28, was fired by police chief in orting, washington, after just under a year on the force . he was more used to drugs busts and violent robberies at his previous job in atlanta, georgia . but he took a pay cut and moved to quiet orting, which has just 11 officers . he claims he was fired because he had become the butt of racist jokes .
newcastle lost 1-0 to sunderland in the tyne-wear derby on sunday . daryl janmaat played the full 90 minutes despite suffering a suspected calf muscle tear during the warm-up . the holland full-back was unable to prevent the black cats running out winners .
the fire began on a sub in the zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern russia . there is no ammunition on board .
property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states with economists tipping a housing surplus in 2017 . goldman sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration . this is significantly lower than widely-used australian bureau of statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent . this will create an oversupply and see property prices fall by between 5 and 10 per cent in markets where construction supply has been strong .
john terry was at the heart of chelsea's solid defensive display . blues captain kept a clean sheet against arsenal at the emirates . jose mourinho described terry's performance as his best under him .
david billing, 48, was diagnosed with mouth cancer in october 2013 . part-time welder had to have part of his tongue removed after being unable to swallow . doctors sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue . they then replaced it with muscle from his arm - which still has hairs .
apple sold more than 61 million iphones in the quarter . more than two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue for the quarter . lion's share of its $13.6 billion in profit . $200 billion in cash, up from around $150 billion a year ago .
defence secretary michael fallon leads ferocious assault on ed miliband . claims putin would be happy with miliband as pm because he cannot be trusted . survey suggests up to three-quarters of labour election candidates oppose trident replacement .
floyd mayweather jnr fights manny pacquiao on may 2 in las vegas . american television network showtime released a short video from inside mayweather's training camp ahead of mega-fight . mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit .
islamist militant group al-shabaab claims responsibility for the attack . a car bomb explodes at a restaurant across the street from the presidential palace .
ukip leader was booed by voters at westminster's methodist central hall . he faced claims he blamed all of britain's problems on migrants . pollster icm today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
officer said he was appalled by the labour peer’s note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into janner’s alleged sex abuse . the note thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue, and invited him and his wife to dinner at parliament . detectives have carried out four child sex inquiries into janner since 1991, but attempts to bring him to justice were repeatedly blocked .
google has been steadily revealing some of the biggest questions its users have typed into the search engine about 2016 presidential candidates . many of the questions focused on candidates' ages and heights, according to the website . google politics tweeted about former first lady and secretary of state hillary clinton's announcement that she is running . the most popular question typed into google during that time period was asking how old clinton is .
wednesday marks the 23rd anniversary of the start of the los angeles riots . lz granderson: miami riots of 1980 were the first major "race riots" since the 1960s .
project is part of a dramatic extension of the help to buy scheme . it doubles the number of new starter homes in england from 100,000 to 200,000 . homes would be at prices 20 per cent cheaper than their market value . each starter home will cost no more than £250,000 outside london and £450,000 in capital .
shops are full of red dresses this year, so should you trade in your lbd for an lrd? it’s a colour that radiates energy and sexiness, but that can all be wrecked if the style doesn’t suit you . we asked kate battersby to try six looks to see which works and which absolutely don’t .
arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday . the match of the day 50th anniversary special broadcast was aired on the bbc . gary lineker, alan shearer, jason roberts and ian wright fronted the coverage .
a mother has released images of her teenage son who suffered serious injuries after he was assaulted at an adelaide train station on saturday night . kat lee's desperate plea on facebook has gone viral as she shared images of her son following surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone . she said a group of five, including four teenagers and an adult, attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog . police said the assault took place at about 5.30pm on saturday night after a dispute .
dave roberts, 50, followed in his great-great-uncle daniel mcallister's footsteps by leaping off the transporter bridge over the river tees . mr roberts survived the jump which he carried out for a children's charity . he said: 'i thought it was going to be sheer terror, but i actually really enjoyed it'
tim sherwood and les ferdinand forged friendship at tottenham . sherwood was responsible for club's youth and under 21 programmes . he hinted on monday that if chris ramsey's tenure at loftus road proves short-lived, he would ask to bring him to aston villa .
cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through battery park city at 6am on saturday . for two hours it evaded capture, with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it 'like a suspect' they then managed to corner it at merchants river house on south end avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart . it was then put in a cage and taken away into the care of the aspca .
women ask for £4,000 less for a typical job, but £10,000 less in accountancy . on average, women ask for almost a fifth less than men . women also ask for below what they could expect to earn in industry .
dermatologist dawn marie davies warns sunbed users are at risk of herpes . genital herpes is highly contagious and spreads via skin-to-skin contact . staphylococcus bacteria, faecal bacteria, herpes virus can survive on sunbeds .
veteran cbs news moderator bob schieffer announced tuesday at the texas journalism school named for him that he'll be retiring this summer . schieffer, 78, was speaking to students at an annual symposium that bears his name at texas christian university's schieffer school of journalism in fort worth . schieffer began at the political affairs show 'face the nation' in 1991, asking direct questions to politicians in a texas twang .
tracy morgan was seen in public looking greatly improved as he was accompanied by his fiancee megan wollover and their daughter maven on monday . it comes almost a year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic accident which claimed the life of his friend james mcnair . morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg, a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident . his attorney recently revealed morgan is still struggling to simply return 'to the way he was'
bayern munich face porto in the champions league on wednesday . they are without arjen robben, franck ribery, bastian schweinsteiger and david alaba . thomas muller believes his team are stronger for their recent injuries .
cremated human skulls found at london crossrail site near liverpool street . archaeologists have uncovered a ritual burial of 2,000-year-old human skulls . they were packed neatly into a cooking pot and set off at the side of the river walbrook, in london, in 2013 . it had been thought they had got there down stream after being eroded out of a roman cemetery to the north - but new evidence suggests otherwise .
man was kicked out of neely's grog house in port st lucie, florida, on sunday . he returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on bouncer . bouncer was taken to hospital with serious burns .
at least five tornadoes were spotted across north and central texas sunday evening as part of a severe storm system sweeping the region . the storm started sunday evening in comanche county, texas and moved northeast towards the dallas/fort worth area . high winds over 70 mph and hail ranging in size from golf balls to baseballs were also reported . residents were urged to stay indoors and seek shelter because of flying debris and the possibility of 'complete destruction' when it touched down .
celtic lost 1-0 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on saturday . josh meekings will be allowed to play in the scottish cup final . ronny deila has called for public explanation of referees' decisions .
michael david ikeler, 36, of torrance, was arrested april 9 and charged with three counts of sexual assault in relation to the abduction of a two-year-old girl from a car wash . a neighbor saw cctv footage of the white nissan altima on april 2 and noticed ikeler altering the appearance of his car, which looked the same . the girl, who has not been identified, was found naked and naked in the dark parking lot of jim's burgers
four sisters were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother's sunshine coast home in the middle of the night . the girls had been taken from their abusive father back in italy to hide out in australia . they were forced back to their italian father against their will . the girls' mother had taken them from italy on a 'vacation' and never returned .
jason warnock, 29, was driving wednesday morning in lewiston, idaho when he noticed debris in the road and looked up to see a vehicle crash . he then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver matthew sitko, 23, out to safety . since he didn't stop to give police his name, warnock remained a mystery for 24 hours as the photo of the self-less rescue went viral online . warnock has since come forward to identify himself and speak more about the incident which
the teenage victim, cortez berry, was serving time at the burruss correctional training center in forsyth, georgia, for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery . the disturbing image was uploaded to facebook friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail . it shows the 18-year-old berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men, one of whom is holding the leash . berry has been removed from burruss correctional training
kristi gordon, of british columbia's news channel global bc, was joined by her fellow anchors robin stickley and squire barnes as they reflected upon the degrading messages . 'nowhere on north america tv have we seen a weather reader so gross as you (sic),' kristi read aloud . the online bullies, who left no name or return address, added: 'we now turn off global. cover up or take time off. the group'
lz granderson: baltimore riots, looting sparked culture of distrust and disrespect . he says the word "we" is one of the great american words. we are family .
walter smith worked closely with ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall . the pair assumed the reins at rangers during four years of turmoil . mccoist finally resigned and is still earning £14,000 a week .
danielle davis, 24, refused a termination when a scan revealed a brain cyst . but when daisy was born, she was told she had the rare disorder anophthalmia . condition means 'lack of eyes' and daisy will never be able to see . she can be fitted with glass eyes as she gets older but will never see .
a note was left on the windscreen of a car in cammeray, a wealthy north shore suburb . the note read: 'dear northern beaches parasites and car dependent tragics' the north shore suburb was split on the parking issue .
moussa sissoko was sent off for a reckless challenge on lucas leiva . the newcastle captain was given a second yellow card for the offence . john carver believes sissoko should have received a straight red .
oisin tymon told police he did not want to press charges against clarkson . but north yorkshire police decided to drop probe without taking action .
labourer noeleen foster captured the pornographic precipitation in zuccoli, 25km southeast of darwin, on friday morning . the mother of four said she was shocked when she spotted the phallic cloud .
michael phelps was banned from swimming for six months in september . he was caught driving at 84mph in a 45mph zone in baltimore, maryland . phelps was also removed from the us team for the fina world championships . the 29-year-old will compete in the arena pro swim series in arizona .
atletico madrid beat real madrid 1-0 in the champions league on tuesday . mario mandzukic was involved in bust-up after bust-up during the tie . the 28-year-old was elbowed by sergio ramos and dani carvajal . mandzukic committed seven fouls, compared to 11 by real madrid .
hannah overton, 37, has spent seven years in prison for the murder of her adopted son, andrew burd, and was released shortly before christmas . her conviction was overturned last year because of ineffective counsel, meaning this would not be a case of double jeopardy . in a news release, the district attorney said he would not be trying the case again because of 'a myriad of factors' .
uk to open three proton beam therapy centres in cardiff, london and northumberland . the first in the welsh capital will be operational by 2017 . ashya king, five, was given the all-clear after receiving proton therapy . his parents brett and naghmeh king sparked an international manhunt . they fled to spain to get ashya the treatment instead of chemotherapy . feared he would be taken away from them and given the treatment .
lucas played 90 minutes in sunday's all-star charity game at anfield . he enjoyed a run of 16 starts in 19 matches from late november . a groin problem in february's merseyside derby saw him miss 10 games .
indiana pacers beat washington wizards 99-95 . c.j. miles scored 25 points and george hill added 24 . los angeles clippers beat phoenix suns 112-101 .
manchester united's world-record £750m kit deal is about to kick in . nike, who employ fred the red, will see their agreement expire on july 31 . some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed . nike say they are in constant communication with the club .
the 37-year-old actress wed business consultant kris brkljac in croatia over the weekend . the wedding took place on the same weekend as the castle star's 37th birthday .
truck driver trevor vale has pleaded with australians to attend an anzac day service . he posted a five-minute video on his social media account on tuesday . the video has been viewed over 800,000 times . mr vale's wife fought as a soldier in timor and afghanistan .
students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual . budgets for outfits, flowers, transportation, food and other sundries at around $1,000 for the average american high schooler . that means most intend to spend $324 on the once-simple question: will you go to prom with me?
alastair cook's england face west indies in first test on monday . the three-test series is one of the most important of cook's career . kevin pietersen has been linked with a move from england to india .
$250 (£168) neurio sensor is plugged into the house’s breaker panel . it measures voltage and current signals every split second . signals are sent to the neurio cloud where algorithms identify appliances and behaviours based on unique electronic signals . when the algorithms detect that a device has been turned on or off, or a user returning home, they notify the neurio app . neurio feeds information about energy consumption back to an app .
geoff whitington, 63, from ashford, kent, was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated . his sons, anthony and ian, have helped their father shed six stone . geoff loves to cycle, never eats take-aways and counts kale and couscous among his favourite foods .
manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace at the etihad stadium . eliaquim mangala came on as a substitute but never made it off the bench . glenn murray scored palace's first goal in the defeat .
dusty the kangaroo has convinced himself that he is a dog, and spends his days with the couple on their farm in esperance, western australia . ashley and felicity stewart found a baby kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013 . dusty sleeps with the dogs, eats with them, asks for scratches, and even tries to sneak dog treats when he can . the couple often call him 'skip' because he's either eating or sleeping .
new: 23 people suffered minor injuries after the plane overran a runway . new: japan's hiroshima airport temporarily closes because of the incident . the airbus a320 overran a runway, the japanese transportation ministry says .
edward moore was assistant director of music at king edward's school . he had consensual sex with 16-year-old student in his office in witley, surrey . after incident, 24-year-old said: 'oh my god, you have to forgive me, you will hate me one day' he was jailed for nine months on friday after admitting two counts of abusing a position of trust and sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 17 years .
the sandy-colored dog was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in cass county, north dakota . he needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade . wilford has been nursed back to health by a foster family and is now slowly returning to his paws .
saudi airstrikes target rebel houthi militant positions in three parts of sanaa . the airstrikes cause no casualties, but destroy all three military compounds . saudi arabia announced the end of its operation decisive storm on tuesday .
novak djokovic lost the second set to andy murray in sunday's miami open final . the world no 1 grabbed a towel from the startled ball boy during the rant . djokovic has since issued an apology via facebook to the ball boy .
frank abagnale was played by leonardo di caprio in 2002 film catch me if you can . he posed as a doctor, a lecturer, a lawyer and an airline pilot . abagnale has spent the rest of his career working with the fbi on fraud detection and prevention .
cctv footage shows the thieves in action at the shell fuel stop in walnut creek, california, last friday morning . one man distracts a cashier at the window while another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the atm . with the other end of the cord attached, the vehicle speeds off and uproots the atm from its mount . sparks are caught flying into the air as the large device is dragged across the tarmac .
the letter was sent from white star lines to christopher moody, brother of james moody, 24, who died on board the titanic . it asks for £20 - the equivalent of £2,000 in today's money - to have mr moody's body returned to england . in it, bosses state that mr moody will have to pick up the tab from there . they say it will be the family's job to pay for him to be transported to the morgue and for burial .
pete evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for sumo salad . sumo salad strongly deny that this move is related to evans' paleo controversies . evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook 'bubba yum yum: the paleo way' will become a self-published digital book at the end of this month . evans' paleo cookbook for infants had been delayed due to grave concerns about a recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth .
on tuesday jessa duggar announced she's pregnant with her first child with husband ben seewald, 19 . 'we're expecting!' the 22-year-old 19 kids & counting star told people . soon after the announcement was made, anna duggar shared an image of jessa showing off her bump in a twitter photo . also in the snap is jill, who was still with child at the time the photograph was taken .
manchester city have shelled out for six coaches to take 300 fans to selhurst park . the move was made after tv scheduling made it virtually impossible for supporters to return home by either train or plane on the same night . hundreds of thousands of football fans are facing a travel nightmare this weekend because of the easter rail shut down . despite more than 30 premiership and championship games scheduled for the long weekend, large parts of the rail network are set to be closed for repair works .
kim hill was abused by her step-father derek osborne from the age of four . the now 31-year-old waived her right to anonymity to speak out . she was forced to dress up in her mother's lingerie at the age of eight . a confession to her fiancée prompted kim to confess what happened . derek osborne was jailed for 20 years after admitting sexual abuse .
a quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left in philadelphia's cobbs creek park for four days . his mother is accused of abandoning him and catching a bus to maryland to see her boyfriend . "this kid's obviously a fighter," a police lieutenant says .
lawrence tynes is suing the tampa bay buccaneers for $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in damages . the 36-year-old contracted the deadly infection in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail . tynes and another player, offensive guard carl nicks, both contracted methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus during the buccaneers' summer training camp prior to the season . nicks reached a settlement with the team last year over his infection for $3million .
the nigerian-flagged thunder was being tracked by activists off the gabon coast . charity sea shepherd suspected it was engaged in illegal fishing . the thunder's captain and crew managed to escape into life rafts .
male competitors on bear grylls' show the island had not eaten for two weeks . they tracked down and killed what producers thought was a common caiman . but suspicions were raised when the animal appeared larger than usual . it has now turned out to be an endangered american crocodile .
franz beckenbauer believes jurgen klopp could replace pep guardiola . klopp has confirmed he will leave borussia dortmund in the summer . beckenbauer believes only a fully fit squad can beat lionel messi and co .
'our planet' will focus on the earth's last wilderness areas and the animals living there . eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for netflix customers internationally .
the 42-year-old mother-of-two will be living off $29 worth of food for a week as part of a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness and funds for new york's food banks .
aaron hernandez was found guilty on wednesday of murdering odin lloyd, who was dating the sister of hernandez's fianceé . hernandez hasn't played for the new england patriots since june 2013 . a 12-person jury found hernandez guilty, sentencing him to life in prison without the possibility of parole . hernandez has vowed to appeal the decision .
jackson byrnes, 18, has a stage four brain tumour that is too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on . after a week of campaigning online, the casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with $47,000 being raised . mr byrnes' girlfriend noticed he had developed a limp a mere three weeks ago and prompted him to visit a doctor who requested an mri . he was rushed to the gold coast for a biopsy which found a stage four tumour buried deep in the teenager's brain . the 18-year
manchester united beat manchester city 4-1 at old trafford on sunday . ashley young scored united's first goal and created two more for marouane fellaini and chris smalling . louis van gaal's side have not beaten city at old trafford since 2011 .
tiffany sical, 21, and bryan rodriguez-solis, 23, were driving along route 6 in providence, rhode island, on sunday when joel norman, 24, allegedly sped the wrong up a highway and crashed into their car . norman, of massachusetts, has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under the influence - death resulting, and two counts of driving to endanger - death resulting . sical and rodriguez-solis had been watching
flight 448, bound for los angeles, returned to seattle . a ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold . he passed a drug test and was discharged .
ruba khandaqji, 36, was arrested wednesday for threatening to hire a hitman to kill florida governor rick scott . khandaqji called the osceola county sheriff’s office on monday telling the dispatcher to 'shut up and listen' as she explained that she was going to hire a hitman and 'kill whomever i can kill' because she wanted to be deported to jordan . investigators said khandaqji repeated her threat to
steve clarke wants the fa cup to be protected after dubious scheduling decisions . reading beat bradford in the last round but face arsenal at wembley . chelsea vs manchester united also scheduled to be televised .
andrew chan, then aged 21, and myuran sukumaran, 24, were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of indonesia in 2005 . they were both attracted to drug smuggling by the promise of riches . the pair were dubbed the masterminds behind the $4 million drug plot . the death penalty has never been left the table for chan and sukumaran since they were first convicted in 2005 following a tip off from australian federal police to indonesian officials . chan
kaden lum was gunned down by an unidentified suspect in bremerton, washington . his mother, jalisa, was also shot while a neighbor was shot in the abdomen . two weeks later, the kitsap sun printed a controversial cartoon . it depicts kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as uncle sam . the boy's grandfather, jason trammell, said it was in 'bad taste' .
undersheriff tim albin, of the tulsa county sheriff's office in oklahoma, quit his job monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer robert bates, 73 . bates, who was a volunteer deputy, shot dead eric harris, 44, after he was tackled to the ground . video of the killing shows bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident, and apologizing .
will allen and his business partner are facing civil fraud charges from federal regulators over allegations the pair ran a multi-million dollar ponzi scheme . they're accused of reaping more than $31 million in a ponzi scheme that promised high returns to investors from funding loans to cash-strapped pro athletes . allen, 36, was a cornerback in the nfl from 2001 to 2012, playing for the new york giants and the miami dolphins .
brett robinson, 33, will stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct . she allegedly let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaged in sex acts between march and july last year . robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental illness . however at a motion hearing, a judge ruled the evidence was insufficient and that robinson would have to go to trial on april 28 without it .
adam johnson has been charged with grooming and sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl . the 27-year-old has been bailed to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20 . sunderland chiefs held talks on thursday to decide johnson's future . if found guilty, johnson faces a lengthy prison term .
labour leader prompted claims he was worried about upsetting his party's 'union paymasters' ipse carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves . but while david cameron, nick clegg, nigel farage and nicola sturgeon all feature, there is no message from mr miliband . instead, the magazine has pointedly published a blank page where his contribution would have been – with a sharp rebuke .
zlatan ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick as paris saint-germain beat saint etienne 4-1 . the 33-year-old has now scored 102 goals in less than three years . ibrahimovic now trails only former portugal forward pedro pauleta in the all-time goalscoring record books .
emily, 23, shot to fame as half-naked cavorting star of robin thicke's blurred lines video . landed role in gone girl alongside ben affleck and rosamind pike . discusses her eating habits with elle .
jonathan trott touched down in the west indies with england on thursday . dr steve peters gave the batsman the tools to rebuild his england career . trott has spoken openly of his struggles since taking a break with a stress-related illness .
tamara pacskowska pretended to be 76-year-old georgina bagnall-oakley . the 56-year-old, from croydon, south london, could not speak english . took daughter-in-law monika brzezinska, 34, along to help translate . was given community order and made to pay costs after admitting fraud .
jared leto will play the joker in 2016's "suicide squad" leto cut his hair and shaved his face for the role . the movie hits theaters august 5, 2016 .
this month, a study found that peanuts can increase the levels of friendly bacteria in the gut and ward off food poisoning .
police raided the house of john koepke in wittmann, arizona and found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting conditions . footage of the raid showed the animals clambering across the furniture as officers from maricopa county sheriff's office made their way across the excrement laden carpet . one of the cats was found nursing a set of three young chihuahua puppies .
michael olsen, 52, was tackled by pcs mark bird and robert wilson . he abandoned his car in the middle of the road after ploughing into a traffic island and parked cars . when they got out he turned around and pointed a gun to pc bird's head . when pc bird lunged at olsen in a bid to save his colleague he felt a sharp pain through his hand and realised he had been shot . ols
new jersey police have released a sketch of an infant whose headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child's mother . on nov. 11, 2014, the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in farmingdale, new jersey . investigators located the infant's head along with two blood-soaked blouses and a bag more than 50 miles away in orange township .
harry kane believes tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the champions league this season . the 21-year-old became the youngest premier league captain this season . tottenham are seven points behind manchester city with seven games left .
sri lanka is high on the list of places to visit in 2015 . gareth huw davies enjoys the new stability on the island . the island’s unique subspecies of elephants are a vestige of ancient sri lanka .
lacey mccarty, 7, phillip mccarty, 6, and christopher swist, five months, were killed in a botched murder-suicide in palm bay, florida, in march . their mother, jessica mccarty, was arrested on march 20 and faces three counts of first-degree murder . christopher swist - the man who was dating jessica mccarty just before the alleged killings - had nicknames for all
sydney's two-day total rainfall totalled about 225mm by 9am wednesday – the most fall for almost 17 years . the storm had passed by thursday, but about 80 sets of traffic lights are still out across the city . twelve local government areas have been declared natural disaster zones, from sydney's northern beaches to the hunter valley .
andrei arshavin and anatoly tymoshchuk are set to leave zenit st petersburg . the pair's current contracts expire at the end of the season . arshavin spent four years at arsenal between 2009 and 2013 .
shayna hubers, 24, accused of shooting lawyer boyfriend ryan poston, 29, six times at her ohio home on october 12, 2012 . prosecutors say she shot him in self-defense because she was angry he was trying to break up with her . her cellmate testified to the court on thursday that hubers joked about the shooting and said she was going to get off all charges . 'i found him very entertaining, and that led me to accept an invite to go on a date with him'
ap mccoy won the melling chase at aintree on friday . mccoy will ride hot favourite shutthefrontdoor in the crabbie's grand national on saturday . mccoy followed up his win in the grand national on don't push it .
milton vieira severiano battered and shot his wife cicera alves de sena, 29 . he then dragged her limp body into the garden of their apartment in rio . he then grabbed her by the hair and savagely slamming her head into concrete . he then viciously punches her in the face another 10 times before returning with a gun and shooting her in the face five times at pointblank range .
the president said he can relate to... the fear a parent has when their four-year-old daughter comes up to you and says, 'daddy, i'm having trouble breathing' 'well you know, malia had asthma when she was four, and because we had good health insurance, we were able to knock it out early,' he said . obama made the case that higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires, which send allergy-causing particulates into the air .
leah williamson stepped up again to take penalty against norway . german referee marjia kurtes had disallowed williamson's spot-kick . but instead of ordering her back to the spot, kurtes awarded a free-kick . england were given a lifeline when uefa chiefs ruled it should be replayed .
'stealth' speed traps credited with 25 per cent spike in speeding fines . at least 112,000 motorists given fines or appeared in court last year . increase put down to introduction of 'smart motorways' which use cameras .
phones4u founder john caudwell bought audley street garage for £155m . will knock it down and build high-end housing complex in central london . new block will contain five townhouses, three penthouses, a mews home and 21 more luxury flats .
tim sherwood wants to make massimo luongo one of his first signings at aston villa . luongo was player of the tournament during australia's successful asian cup . sherwood is close to swindon chairman lee power after their spell together as players at norwich city .
blue tit collected moss, grass and straw to line a nest in a street light . usually takes one to two weeks to build nest ready for female to lay eggs . jeanette rosenquist, 47, was on her way to work from her home near copenhagen .
jason lee, 38, allegedly raped a 20-year-old irish student in the hamptons in 2013 . he told her to 'shut the f*** up' so her friends in the next room would not hear . the assault ended when the girl kneed lee in the groin and staggered out in such a ‘hysterical’ state she was unable to talk . lee tried to downplay the incident and said it was 'no big deal' .
dug the pug was hiking with his owner in fontana, canada, on thursday when they heard a rattle sound . lindsay backed away, but dug ran up to the reptile and suffered for it . his face ballooned to twice its size and he was given an entire vile of venom . after two days of intensive treatment, he is ready to go home .
witnesses say a fight broke out on a rubber dinghy carrying 105 migrants . after which 12 men 'professing the christian faith' were thrown to their deaths . group of 15 men arrested on suspicion of 'multiple aggravated murder' they are from ivory coast, senegal, mali and guinea bissau .
the robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected . the first robot broke down after moving about 10 meters . decommissioning work is estimated to cost $50 billion and will take years to complete .
a small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of le borgne, haiti . it hit a reef and sank as it tried to return to shore .
massimo vian, one of the heads of milan-based luxottica, said that his team was looking to improve on the internet-connected device . google stopped selling the first version and shut its pre-launch explorer program for google glass earlier this year . vian told shareholders that his company is 'now working on google glass version 2 which is in preparation'
milinda gunasekera was flying home from a holiday in chile on october 29 . he was changing flights at auckland airport for the final leg of his trip . the 32-year-old downed a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets . he will return to new zealand in june to be sentenced .
kathrin goldbach and her family have fled their home in montabaur, france . they are said to be afraid of being blamed for the germanwings crash . the crash was caused by co-pilot andreas lubitz after he flew plane into alps . goldbach, 26, told friends they do not plan to return to their home in town .
shocking images were taken in isis-held territory in the province of homs . they show two blindfolded men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis . executioners hugged them and told them they were forgiven of their sins . then pummeled them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks .
kenny bayless will referee the match between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao on may 2 . bayless has overseen five of mayweather's previous fights and seven of pacquiao's . oscar de la hoya believes bayless' appointment will favour mayweather over pacquiao .
dr. michael davidson, 44, was shot dead at brigham and women's hospital in boston on january 20 . his wife, dr. terri halperin, and daughters kate, 10, live, 8, and their 2-year-old son, graham, have given birth to their fourth child, mikaela jane davidson, april 4 . dr davidson was shot by stephen pasceri, 55, on the morning of january 20
chelsea winger eden hazard is poised to win pfa player of the year . gary neville says cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi are 'in outer space' neville says hazard must become a killer or a bully to defenders .
video was captured on a camera phone at a school in portland, oregon . shows the well-built man lecturing a crowd of students before excitedly asking 'everybody ready?' he then swings the blunt end of the axe directly into his co-worker's crotch causing him to squirm violently on the floor .
two thirds of goldfish owners put their tank in sight of the tv for more than three and a half hours a day . a micro pig lets its pet watch four hours of shows a day - or 28 hours a week . over a third of us, 34 per cent, say their pets watch three hours a day while left home alone - the equivalent of 42 episodes of eastenders in a week .
heavy drinking among americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012 . binge drinking is defined as four or more drinks for women and five or more drinks for men .
latisha fisher, 35, charged with second-degree murder for allegedly killing 20-month-old gavriel ortiz-fisher with her bare hands . fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems, but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year . she was recommended for an alternative sentencing program after pleading guilty for the 2011 stabbing of her aunt .
shaun andrew mckerry, 31, burst into shildon post office and stores in durham . he demanded money from assistant but was foiled by a husband and wife duo . mckerry was dubbed 'boomerang boy' because he always returned home . he was arrested 80 times in 1995 and 45 times during the 36 weeks he managed to stay out of prison in 1998 . he has now been unmasked as the prolific axe wielding thief .
several dea agents were taking part in alleged sex parties in bogota starting in 2001 according to a new report . this news comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments . a separate, march 26 report by the justice department's office of the inspector general described similar allegations between 2005 and 2008 .
ricky ricardo chiles iii committed suicide at a chicago hotel, police say . a 2-year-old boy was hit and killed by a van at a birthday party, police say .
two paintings were used to plan the filming of iconic scenes in the wizard of oz . one went for £25,000 while the other sold for £10,000 after filming was over . the current owner instantly recognised the paintings as scenes from the 1939 hollywood classic and snapped them up for a small sum .
just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name . that compares to 235 being born in 1996, when it was 147th most popular . there was a surge in garys born in the us in the early 1950s .
frustrated residents in oldham, manchester, saw rubbish pile up . cctv showed binman lifting bags out of bins before tossing them down alleyway . another cctv shows council workers searching the contents of the bags . they warned residents they could face fines of up to £50,000 for not disposed of properly .
the reaction to the comedy sketch reflected a growing view among law enforcement and victims' advocacy groups that it is no laughing matter when a woman educator preys on her male students . in u.s. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault, nearly a third of them women . the proportion of women facing charges seems to be higher than in years past, when female teachers often got a pass .
aston villa face liverpool in the fa cup semi-final at wembley stadium . jack grealish uploaded message of support to his twitter account . the 19-year-old said: 'thanks for the messages!!! utv up the villa' .
team sky have moved to put more emphasis on the spring classics . tour of flanders and paris-roubaix looming over next two weekends . sir bradley wiggins will sign off career with appearance at paris-roubaix . ian stannard defends his title at omloop het nieuwsblad .
poll by yougov found that 28 per cent thought nicola sturgeon was the best performer . judy murray, mother of tennis star andy, tweeted about her triumph . sturgeon has the most experience of governing of any of the seven politicians taking part in the tv debate .
anna foord convinced investors to buy gems overvalued by up to 2,000 per cent . the 30-year-old even flew to new york to shop in fifth avenue's most exclusive boutiques . she was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling coloured diamonds in the £1.5m 'boiler room' scam . foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering today .
chelsy davy stepped out in a sophisticated summer outfit for a london restaurant launch on tuesday . the 29-year-old was seen laughing and joking with friend, irene forte . the party was to celebrate the opening of new london restaurant, the ivy chelsea garden .
mailonline travel looks at the top hacks for summer beach holidays . lemon, orange and lemon juice are all great natural bleaches . turn your beach reader into a solar-charging device .
sarah stage, a 30-year-old lingerie model from los angeles, came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs . but her son james hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last tuesday . on sunday, sarah shared a picture of her post-baby physique in 'granny panties' - just four days after giving birth to her son .
stoke city have opened talks over a contract extension for asmir begovic . bosnian goalkeeper sees his existing deal run out next year with real madrid known admirers . stoke beat southampton 2-1 at the britannia stadium on saturday .
gisele bundchen walked at sao paulo fashion week on wednesday night . the 34-year-old is married to new england patriots quarterback tom brady and has two children .
natalie whitear, 35, suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness . condition is so severe that she can't recognise her husband or children . she was diagnosed with condition around three years ago .
the girl in the spider's web will be the fourth installment in the best-selling millennium crime trilogy by swedish author stieg larsson . the 500-page sequel takes up the story of tattooed computer hacker lisbeth salander and journalist mikael blomkvist . the book was completed in november by david lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 .
justin rose finished second in the masters after carding 14-under-par . rose hopes to emulate rory mcilroy's winning streak in the summer of 2014 . mcilroy won the open, bridgestone invitational and us pga in four weeks .
rita, 24, is face of rimmel's colourful new beauty campaign . showcases range of eyeliners, lipsticks and nail varnishes . recently unveiled rimmel: colourfest lip and nail collection by rita ora .
boko haram has kidnapped 2,000 women and girls in nigeria since 2014, amnesty says . women are sent to slave warehouses and forced to marry jihadis, she says .
the ancient tuscan settlement, based 40 miles south east of genoa, is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown . seismic instability caused by earthquakes forced residents to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago . folklore suggests that the area is haunted .
the 58-year-old actress tweeted: 'i am overwhelmed with gratitude by your prayers and good wishes and the kindness you're sending' on tuesday, she shared the news of her disease through a statement published by people magazine . the mother-of-two explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion .
university of waterloo astrophysicists have created a 3d master map of the universe spanning nearly two billion light years . the innovative spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date . it will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter .
oxford scientists say a mercury-like body struck the young earth . the object would have been the heat source for our planet's core . the same object could have been responsible for creating the moon . it also explains where some rare-earth elements came from .
the scandfit try size has been dubbed ‘the boob-job bra’ . it was developed to help women about to go under the knife decide what size implants to have . annabel cole, who is a size 34b, decided to put it through its paces . the bra comes with four pairs of inserts which can be layered to create different sizes of cleavage .
rihanna cooper, 21, from hull, was born bradley cooper in january 1994 . at 16, she was accepted for gender reassignment treatment . part way through treatment, stress became too much and she called a halt . now working as an escort to fund her dreams of becoming a woman .
beijing's no. 3 intermediate people's court jailed gao yu for seven years . ruling stated gao had leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling communist party named 'document number 9' to a hong kong media outlet . document warns of the 'dangers' of multiparty democracy, independent media, 'universal' definitions of human rights and criticism of the party's historical record .
jason puncheon appeared to be struck by a maoam sweet during crystal palace's 2-1 win over manchester city . the 28-year-old was making his way to take a corner in front of city fans when he was hit by the flying object . puncheon reacted by sarcastically clapping in the direction of the city supporters after referee michael oliver checked to see if the palace playmaker was ok .
cameron hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of colleen stan . the case made international headlines and stan was known as 'the girl in the box' after it was revealed she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during her captivity . despite hooker's century-long jail term, he was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than under the normal rules .
david cameron will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks . he will hail the 'jobs miracle' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day . imf chief christine lagarde said the world was suffering from a 'moderate and uneven' return to growth which was 'simply not good enough'
two fifths of parents are badgered by their children to buy food after seeing it advertised on tv . british heart foundation has delivered 30,000 strong petition to ban junk food adverts from being shown before 9pm watershed . despite regulation, children in the uk are still exposed to more tv advertising for unhealthy than healthy food items .
liverpool fans are unhappy at being charged £50 to go to hull city . the same seats were sold for £35 at the kc stadium last season . brendan rodgers says he respects the supporters' right to protest .
jordan sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on friday by police in mckinney, texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to 14-year-old raymond howell, jr. on thursday, raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound . sharifi discovered raymond's body in a rain culvert after the boy's mother called to ask him if he'd seen her son
john hinckley jr. has been dating a woman he met at a national association for the mentally ill meeting . this was revealed by his brother scott during a hearing to determine if he should be permanently released from st. elizabeth's hospital in washington . hinckley shot president reagan and three others in 1981 in a bid to impress actress jodie foster .
liana barrientos pleads not guilty to two counts of "offering a false instrument" she has been married 10 times, prosecutors say .
rob green has won 12 england caps but made a calamitous error against usa at the 2010 world cup . qpr face his former club west ham at loftus road on saturday . sam allardyce believes green could challenge joe hart for a place in england's national team .
holly, 34, and davina mccall, 47, star in garnier nutrisse campaign . the presenters star with their hair pulled over their mouths to resemble a moustache . holly said: 'i absolutely loved shooting with davina, she is such an iconic brunette'
sgt. george hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children, barricaded himself inside his grand oaks home on thursday morning . police say the officer's wife made the 911 call at 7am, which was listed as a domestic dispute . the charleston county sheriff's department, crisis negotiations team, swat, and bomb squads assumed responsibility of the situation .
yarmouk is the largest palestinian refugee camp in syria . the camp has been engulfed in fighting since december 2012 .
chester, a six-year-old pit bull mix, was found as a stray in 2010 . he had been housed at the north fork animal welfare league on long island . a picture that was shared online garnered sympathy from across the country .
chilean pickpockets have become the most effective thieves in central london . plain-clothes police are attempting to reduce theft in busy shopping areas . london's busy shopping areas prove a big draw for pickpockets from around the world .
ivan rakitic shared a picture with his wife and daughter on instagram . the croatia international also shared a picture with his wife and daughter . barcelona are fighting for a league and cup double this season .
sabrina osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in naracoorte at about midday on sunday . she was driving a friend's car about 110km south to mount gambier in south australia's southeast . the car she was driving was discovered the same afternoon on bay road in the heart of mount gambier . ms osterkamp was due to return to naracoorte at 7.30pm on sunday but when she didn't return the police were contacted .
ministry of defence 1 was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by winston churchill . he encouraged scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions . some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending world war two . churchill was the conservative candidate for woodford, essex, but lost .
didier drogba put on a charity ball at london's swanky dorchester hotel . the chelsea striker's event raised £400,000 for the didier drogba foundation . the foundation has provided financial support across health and education in africa since it was founded in 2007 .
freddie gray, 25, died on april 19 after an encounter with baltimore police left him with grave spinal injuries . on sunday, a steady stream of mourners filed into the vaughn green east funeral home in baltimore for a wake . gray's body was covered in a silk-draped, white coffin where he lay dressed in a white shirt, black pants, white sneakers and an all-white los angeles dodgers baseball cap . earlier in the day, a pastor at gray's family church gave 
the principal of a canberra school has been suspended . it was revealed that a 10-year-old autistic boy was locked in a metal cage . the structure was in place from march 10 to march 27 . it was specifically designed as a 'withdrawal space' for the autistic boy .
memphis depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season . manchester united target looks set to leave psv eindhoven this summer . louis van gaal is said to be in the race to sign the dutch international .
aston villa beat tottenham 1-0 at white hart lane on saturday . yannick bolasie scored three as crystal palace beat sunderland 4-1 . hull city remain in danger after 2-0 loss at southampton . arsenal kept up impressive form with 1-0 win over burnley .
john terry led chelsea to a 0-0 draw against arsenal on sunday . jamie carragher believes terry is the best defender in the premier league . chelsea need just six points from five games to win the title .
u.s. district judge susan dlott ordered the irs to hand over a list of the 298 tea party groups it targeted with broad and intrusive questions when they applied for nonprofit tax-exempt status . the irs has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010, when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names . while those groups' applications were held up for years, liberal groups sailed through the process . the i
karen buckley, 24, disappeared from glasgow nightclub on sunday morning . she was last seen leaving the flat of a man she had met at around 4am . a handbag thought to belong to her was found in a park near the man's home . police have revealed they have tracked down the man and are not treating him as a suspect . her family have flown to scotland to help with the search for their daughter .
cournswood house is in the south of buckinghamshire – in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of north dean . wartime naval cryptographer and enigma codebreaker dillwyn knox bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943 . current owner, businesswoman sharon constancon, is related to the leon family who once owned bletchley park .
ashley shupe claims her son kaiden, eight, has been bullied for a year . she filed a lawsuit against oakmont elementary school in tennessee . claims he has tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height, and stop eating . shupe says he was diagnosed with depression a month into the alleged attacks .
luo kun kun was expelled from his village when locals signed a petition to banish him to 'protect villagers's health' the five-year-old contracted the virus from his mother when she was pregnant with him, but was only diagnosed when he was five years old . he was raised near the town of xichong with his non-blood-related grandparents, who had adopted his stepfather as a child . kun kun was refused admission to local schools and locals would avoid contact with him, so he spent his
hugo lloris has established himself as one of the premier league's top keepers . manchester united fear daniel levy will play hardball should they decide to pursue their interest in the france international . tottenham chairman levy is known to drive a hard bargain on lloris .
almost 6,000 migrants were rescued in the mediterranean over the weekend . italy is the first port of call for migrants seeking new lives in europe . 160,000 made the journey last year, often on unseaworthy and overcrowded vessels . nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of libya .
detroit tigers pitcher justin verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back . the pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 instagram followers writing: 'love having my fans support!! this little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around'
madeline luciano 'persuaded eighth grade pupils to write nasty words on board' 'ugly', 'annoying' and 'phony' about classmate . but she claims it was meant to teach them to be kinder to each other . she has launched court action against new york's education department .
paddy power appeared to make light of recent police shootings on african-americans . tweet was published ahead of liverpool's clash with newcastle tonight . it read: 'newcastle have suffered more kop beatings than an unarmed african-american male' accompanied by picture of liverpool boss brendan rodgers .
householders in huddersfield, west yorkshire, began experiencing problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn . neighbours have reported issues with drains, streetlights, cracks in front doors, gaps between interior doors and architrave, loose fence panels and collapsed pipe .
jonathon stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked richie benaud for tips on left-handed leg spin . mr stevenson, now a director at livewire sport, shared the lengthy response on twitter on friday as a tribute to the 'great man' benaud was the first player to score 2,000 test runs and take 200 test wickets .
the robots were originally created by walker for a show called 'peepshow' the dancers, which cost £2,500 to hire, were made out of old car parts . they were designed by british artist giles walker and controlled by a computer .
cnn's nina dos santos visits afghan police base in jalalabad, afghanistan . the u.s. military is bouncing between multi-million dollar, high security bases . u.s. troops will all be inside the u.s. embassy by the end of next year .
chris hala'ufia was sent off for a brutal attack on leicester number eight laurence pearce during saturday's aviva premiership clash . the tongan number eight halted pearce with a shoulder charge and then shoved his head into the ground . referee tim wigglesworth showed hala'ufia a yellow card and then changed it to red after he had seen him shove pearce's head into the ground . leicester tig
celtic are to erect a bronze statue of billy mcneill to mark the achievements of the club's greatest ever captain . the statue will be positioned on the recently opened celtic way . as a player, mcneill won nine consecutive league championship titles, seven scottish cups, six league cups and was the first british team captain to lift the european cup in 1967 . as manager, mcneill delivered four league championship titles, three scottish cups and lifted the league cup once .
barry selby, 54, was eating a bag of tesco cheese and onion crisps . he found the 'skull' snack, which appears to show a jaw, nose and eye . mr selby decided to keep it as he believes it is more impressive than others . in the 1990s he found a crisp shaped like a heart, which he kept for years .
british transport police have drafted in more than 400 extra officers . rivals manchester united, liverpool and leeds will all be in london . officers will be stationed on trains travelling from the north and midlands .
the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio, california . a video obtained by tmz appears to show bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area .
an omura's whale has been found washed up on a west australian beach . it is the first sighting of the species in wa and only the second in australia . identifying the 5.68m juvenile female was at first difficult for wildlife staff . the species is usually found in indonesian waters, the philippines and the sea of japan .
obama promised in 2008 to use the word "genocide" to describe the 1915 massacre by turks of armenians . now, obama regards turkey as a more crucial ally than armenia .
louis jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray . jordan was spotted by a german-flagged boat on thursday, more than two months after sailing out of a south carolina marina . jordan's passport described him as weighing 290 pounds, but he was probably down to 200 pounds when the crew found him .
kalimah dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on monday morning . she managed to get her children, aged one to 14, out of the decatur condo safely, but all that was left was a pile of rubble . while dixon was renting the condo in the last four years, she had quit working to enroll full time in school to complete her degree in business management . now she is finding it difficult to get a lease for a new permanent home while being unemployed .
seven bingo halls tested had traces of cocaine, while another had traces of crack cocaine, a more dangerous form of the drug that is smoked . the majority of bingo hall visitors are pensioners, and the findings mirror a spike in drug abuse among the elderly . public health england figures show 634 pensioners over 65 were treated for substance abuse in the last year .
campaigners calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme . when the project first began it was promised it would be paid for in its entirety . £60 million of public money has been pledged by boris johnson and george osborne - £30 million each .
adrien broner rejected a contract offer from boxing promoter jay z . broner was pictured with 50 cent at the barclay's center in brooklyn . the pair were watching danny garcia swift and lamont peterson vs irish andy lee .
charlie sumner, 20, staged pitch invasion at reading's madejski stadium . he ran topless onto pitch and performed a series of somersaults during his first ever game at the stadium . the reading supporter did four flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time . he is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt .
lewis hamilton won the bahrain grand prix ahead of kimi raikkonen . the briton is bidding to become a triple world champion . hamilton has previously dismissed sir jackie stewart's opinions .
bunkie king, 60, has revealed how her three-way relationship with australian actor jack thompson and her sister, leona, 20, worked . ms king met thompson when she was 15 years old sydney school girl . she has revealed the salacious details of their 15-year affair . ms king also revealed how she shared one man with her sister, 20 .
u.s. researchers are testing the gel as a dressing for burns . it contains platelet-rich plasma - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing . the gel, known as magellan bio-bandage, will act as a barrier against infection .
nick loeb, 39, has filed a lawsuit in california in a bid to prevent the actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through ivf, according to intouch . court documents, filed under pseudonyms jane and john doe, detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in november 2013 . vergara's representatives declined to comment on the allegations .
much of the comic book film, avengers: age of ultron, was shot in seoul . country's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs . move echoes that of sony pictures entertainment and mgm .
six-month-old baby, known as mary, died with traces of cocaine in her stomach . she had been born 12 weeks early at alder hey children's hospital in liverpool . her parents had been reported to social services five times between 2008 and 2012 amid concerns of alcohol abuse, domestic violence and child neglect . review released today has called for a host of lessons to be learned .
thierry henry posted 84-minute video of michael laudrup's passing . former arsenal striker took exception to hernandez's celebration . henry said he owed everything to team-mate cristiano ronaldo .
judge john koeltl said in a decision made public tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the first amendment . he said he was sensitive to the metropolitan transportation authority's claim that the poster could incite violence . but he noted that substantially the same advertisement ran in san francisco and chicago in 2013 without incident .
eden hazard reached 100 premier league appearances for chelsea against qpr . graeme souness believes hazard will be named pfa player of the year . hazard has 35 goals and 25 assists in his 100 premier league games .
charli stewart's youtube channel charliscraftykitchen earned her an estimated $127,777 (aud $163,893) in march alone . celebrity chef jamie oliver only earned an estimated $32,261 (aud $41,347) in ad revenue from his channel's 6.9 million views last month . charli and her sister ashlee, 5, are raking in an average of 29 million views per month for their crafty how-to videos .
dougie freedman is on the verge of signing a new deal at nottingham forest . freedman replaced stuart pearce at the city ground in february . forest's owners are pleased with the job freedman has done at the club .
dina talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the confederation of african football's (caf) ordinary general assembly in cairo . delegates from the country including khaled abdel aziz stayed in an adjoining hall inside the hotel until the end of the performance, it was claimed . a video of the performance has since gone viral online .
thief entered a branch of lloyds bank in new milton, hampshire . he threatened cashier staff and ordered them to hand over money . the man, whose face and hands were covered in bandages, then fled . police say a 56-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of robbery .
cassandra cassidy, 24, was stopped by two women 'afraid of men in a car' ms cassidy had just arrived for her late-night shift at a half-way house for people struggling with substance abuse in las vegas . the fashion design student was shot as a car occupied by multiple people drove past while she was talking to the women . she was mortally wounded and taken to university medical center where she died .
at least six men were arrested in california and minnesota by the fbi on sunday after a joint terrorism task force investigation into youths who traveled or tried to travel to syria to join isis . a spokesman for the us attorney's office said the arrests were made in minneapolis and san diego but there is no threat to public safety . the three men who were arrested in the twin cities were already known to authorities, according to reports .
judge jerry baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing on monday to accept deals with the prosecution . he also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals . if the convicted educators accept deals, they would be required to apologize and waive their right to appeal . former administrators would be given punishments from one year of weekend jail time and a $10,000 fine . former teachers and testing coordinators would be given one year of home confinement and a $1,000 fine .
phil taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against dave chisnall . gary anderson drew 6-6 with raymond van barneveld on 'judgement night' . adrian lewis and peter wright were both eliminated from the tournament .
tina sinatra, 66, ridiculed claims ronan farrow, 27, was her brother . roger friedman said sinatra had a vasectomy so could not have fathered him . mia farrow had previously admitted sinatra may be the father of her son .
harriet harman said grandparents could take up to four unpaid weeks off a year . she said the policy would require a change in the law and help families . more than half of mothers rely on grandparents for childcare after maternity leave . two-thirds of grandparents with grandchildren under 16 provide some childcare .
jaye and matthew cox delivered their daughter annabelle at just 20 weeks . scans showed she had developed a serious form of spina bifida . annabelle was born weighing just 290 grams at canberra hospital . ms cox had her wedding dress redesigned so she could be buried in it .
pippa looked glamorous as she strolled through the sunny streets of london . accessorised her look with a black tote, £159 black pumps by jemima vine and oversized sunglasses . just last week, pippa was positively glowing in a tailored plum dress at the spectator's annual party in london .
shannon carter, 21, attacked amelia gledhill, 20, with a stiletto in bradford . ms gledhill was left with a permanent scar and blurred vision in her right eye . carter, from east bowling, bradford, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent . she was jailed for three-and-a-half years at bradford crown court .
robert downey jr has helped raise more than £1million for a british hospice . he promised to fly a winner and a friend to los angeles for the premiere . his offer included a gown or tuxedo fitting and a helicopter ride . it raised £1,388,863 for the dorset-based charity, which will now use the money to build a new hospice in wiltshire .
photographer scott gable spent four months travelling across asia documenting rice crop's entire cycle . rice is a staple food for more than one-half the world's population but its origin remains somewhat of a mystery .
harry kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for tottenham . ryan mason has also been affected by the england call-up . mauricio pochettino hopes the pair can improve against newcastle .
jordan spieth collected £1.23million for winning the masters . ian poulter shot a second straight 67 for a share of sixth . tiger woods and rory mcilroy were paired together for the final round .
niamh geaney, 26, from dublin, teamed up with two male friends on a project they dubbed twin strangers to see who could find their closest lookalike within 28 days . niamh found her match in karen branigan, 29, a fellow ireland native who lives just an hour down the road, making it easy for the pair to meet in real life and take some eerily twin-like photos together .
andy murray says british players should use aljaz bedene's move as motivation to improve themselves . bedene is currently ineligible for the davis cup team . murray says british players should work on their world ranking .
holly beard and steve hancock reached combined weight of 41st between them . holly decided to slim down after being bullied about her size at work . she joined weight watchers and went from 17st 8lb to 11st 9lb .
mario balotelli withdrew himself from the liverpool squad to face arsenal . brendan rodgers revealed the striker took a 'slight knock' in training . liverpool ran out 4-1 winners at the emirates on saturday afternoon .
florida's gun censorship law threatens prosecution and loss of licensure for physicians who ask about guns . in arizona, another assault on physician free speech is scheduled to go into effect this summer .
rupert brooke's poem the soldier made him famous outside of literary circles . his death at 27 from blood poisoning en route to gallipoli cemented his image as the poster-boy of heroic self-sacrifice .
floyd mayweather jnr's sparring partner jeremy 'j flash' nichols gives mock interview as manny pacquiao . nichols ridicules pacquiao's faith and claims his mother uses voodoo . mayweather faces pacquiao at the mgm grand in las vegas on may 2 . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
the sleepy squirrel had been taking a nap on a coconut leaf in india . he gave a big yawn and flicked out his tongue after waking up . the cute moment was captured by student, ranajit roy .
motaz zaid was with a friend in parsons green, south west london, on friday . the pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools . mr zaid, 20, was bundled into a mercedes c220 estate and driven off . he was found dumped on the side of the road with life-threatening injuries .
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on saturday . justin bieber will accompany mayweather in his entourage at the mgm grand . bieber has been asked to lead mayweather's entourage for the mega-fight . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
enormous lump was 40 metres long and made up of fat and wet wipes . sewer beneath one of london's most exclusive streets broke due to fatberg . so far the waste removed is the equivalent weight of five porsche 911s . £400,000 repair is now being carried out to repair the broken sewer .
novak djokovic beat andy murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the miami open final . djokovic has now won five miami open winners' trophy . murray has lost his last seven matches to the serb .
a study has outlined that 30 percent of australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis . the average adult needs around eight hours of sleep per night with a range of seven to nine . any less than six or any more than 10 hours is unusual for the standard person . pushing these sleep-debt boundaries can lead to micro sleeps in certain people .
lionel messi has been linked with a move away from barcelona this year . josep maria bartomeu has reiterated the club's stance that messi will always have a place at the nou camp . messi scored 400th goal for barca in 2-0 victory over valencia .
spoof protein world ad asking: 'are you beach body ready?' controversial poster has been branded 'body-shaming' by feminists and body image campaigners . transport for london are in process of removing the spoof poster . internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster .
pep guardiola will be reintroduced to barcelona in the champions league semi-finals . the bayern munich boss must think of a way to stop lionel messi . guardiola is the greatest coach barcelona have had .
liverpool host newcastle united at anfield (monday 3pm) mamadou sakho will miss monday's visit of anfield with a hamstring injury . emre can will return from suspension for liverpool . daniel sturridge should be fit after complaining of muscle tightness . newcastle defender daryl janmaat should be fit to take his place .
union barons gave more than £700,000 to labour in second week of campaign . overall, labour received £1.1million in donations between april 6 and april 12 . more than twice as much as the conservative party which received £492,512 . most of the tory cash came from wealthy individuals, who handed over £460,000 .
mclaren and honda made significant progress a fortnight later in malaysia . jenson button and fernando alonso retired during the race at the sepang circuit . button is hoping further steps have been taken going into this weekend's chinese grand prix in shanghai .
friedrich brandt, 23, was killed at the battle of waterloo in 1792 . he was found with a musket ball between his ribs . he is the first complete skeleton to be recovered from the battle .
video shows isis supporters 'declaring a caliphate' in yemen through video . masked men wearing desert camouflage uniforms carry out rifle routine . establishing of isis-related group in yemen comes after months of conflict . iran-backed houthi rebels have been fighting government and al qaeda .
phil mickelson capped his resurgence with a 67 at the shell houston open . mickelson is one shot behind andrew putnam going into the third round . tiger woods confirmed his participation at the masters next week .
rachel lehnardt, 35, was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their georgia home . the mom-of-five also allegedly had sex with a 18-year-old man in the bathroom and used sex toys on herself in front of the youngsters . she awoke to find a 16-year-old having sex with her and immediately threw him off . the teen also backed up her mother's claim that she had been r
jaclyn pfeiffer, 29, worked at the aloma methodist early childhood learning center in orange county full-time for the last 18 months . her partner, kelly bardier, 33, was recently employed as a part-time teacher . the director, barbara twachtman, heard rumors about the two and asked pfeiffer if she was seeing bardier . bardier added that she was given the option to 'change her lifestyle' to keep her position . the daycare is run by alo
nick loeb and sofia vergara created the embryos through in vitro fertilization in november 2013 and they remain frozen at a beverly hills clinic . the 39-year-old filed a lawsuit last august over the two embryos . on monday he implied that he wants to use them to have children of his own - either with the involvement of his ex or without her .
timothy rogalski, from wallingford, connecticut, called the school on tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone . the fifth time he called, he spoke to an administrative assistant . in the calls, the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the december 14, 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead . he also said the boston marathon bombings in april 2014 were fake . authorities traced the calls back to the home rogalski shares with his father,
a brave hippopotamus stood its ground against two hungry lions in the depths of zimbabwe's hwange national park . at first, as the lions approach the large hippo, the hippo tries to scare them off before wandering towards nearby water . however, as the lions continue to prowl, the animal abruptly turns around and charges towards the two predators . researcher brent stapelkamp, 37, has been studying the activities and behaviour of lions in the reserve for years .
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix to extend his championship lead . mercedes teammate nico rosberg finished second ahead of hamilton . rosberg accused hamilton of being selfish by slowing down . mika hakkinen says hamilton was well within his rights to look after himself .
anzac day will not be triggered when anzac day falls on a saturday . the agreement was designed to provide uniformity of public holidays . western australia and some public servants in canberra will get monday off . some bosses have been warned to expect a 20-25 per cent rise in absenteeism .
rickie lambert joined liverpool from southampton in the summer . he was a confident striker but his stock has fallen since then . brendan rodgers' decision to ignore him is completely illogical . lambert missed liverpool's game against west brom with a hip injury .
neil macgregor, 68, has been at the helm of the british museum since 2002 . he previously ran the national gallery and worked as a broadcaster . mr macgregor said it was 'a difficult thing' to decide to leave after 13 years .
freezer trawler with international crew of 132 sank off russia's kamchatka peninsula . emergency services said 63 crew members were rescued with sea's temperature near zero degrees celsius - but a further 15 are still missing . the ship was carrying 78 russian nationals, as well as 54 foreign nationals from myanmar, ukraine, lithuania and vanuatu .
marian carole rees disappeared from sydney's hillsdale in april 1975 . the 13-year-old jumped off her school bus to say she had forgotten something . magistrate sharon freund said the disappearance did not appear suspicious and there was no evidence suggesting suicide . ms freund said the teenager probably ran away with the intention of permanently cutting ties with family and friends .
ufc light-heavyweight jon jones is wanted as a suspect in connection with a hit-and-run accident on sunday morning . the 27-year-old is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman . if found to have caused the accident, he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman . police investigating the crash discovered marijuana and a pipe to smoke the drug in the fighter's car .
police went to a home on march 26 in balch springs, texas, to do a wellness check and were told that a two-year-old child had died and a 'rising ceremony' was performed . the child's parents took the body to mexico the following day . five children under the age of ten, both boys and girls, were also living at the home and had been taken away by child protective services .
brian karl brimager, 37, entered his plea on friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in san diego, in connection with the death of yvonne lee baldelli . the 42-year-old woman from laguna niguel, california, was last seen in september 2011 when she arrived in panama with brimager . he has been in custody since june 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation .
skopelos is a greek island known as the film location for mamma mia . it has a ruined venetian fortress and dozens of chapels . the island has a relaxed, offbeat vibe .
up to 120,000 britons have laser eye surgery each year . almost one in 20 suffer some sort of complication .
governor andrew cuomo is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the december announcement that the us and cuba would restore diplomatic relations . today, cuomo met with cuba's top officials for u.s. relations along with executives from jetblue, mastercard, pfizer and other new york-based companies .
juventus beat lazio 2-0 to move 15 points clear of second place . carlos tevez opened the scoring with his 26th goal of the season . leonardo bonucci doubled juventus' lead in the second half .
asked what seven times six equals, balls looked down and laughed nervously . labour’s shadow chancellor eventually answered correctly following a ten second pause . last month he revealed he still relies on his mother-in-law for help with maths .
nike have been forced to defend their new kits for the us women's team following outcry over the fact they do not represent the us flag . the outfits feature an all white strip with hints of black and yellow - while the aqua colour cleats are a tribute to canada who will be hosting the tournament . charlie brooks, nike's vice president of north america communications, has defended the company's decision not to promote the 'stars and stripes' .
the cheyenne mountain complex was built for the north american aerospace command (norad) to direct the response to a nuclear war with the ussr during the cold war . the complex is home to more than 1,000 personnel and operates as an underground town for months with fresh water and food . the pentagon announced this week that cheyenne mountain will once again be home to the most advanced tracking and communications equipment in the us military .
ann price, 72, was the owner of ann's snack bar in atlanta . in 2007, the wall street journal named her signature 'ghetto burger,' a double cheeseburger with bacon, grilled onions, ketchup, mustard and chili, the best in america . price personally cooked up every plate of burger and fries herself .
cnn's nina dos santos was at her uncle's house in ramkot, west kathmandu . her grandfather could not comprehend what was happening and drifted towards the window . everywhere survivors gathered wherever they could find open space .
infestation of deathwatch beetles puts 800-year-old castle at risk . £5 million battle plan launched to repel insect attackers .
the 11 defendants - including teachers, a principal and other administrators - were convicted wednesday of racketeering . they were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student atlanta school system . the educators fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $5,000 each in bonuses . however the person accused of benefiting the most from the conspiracy, superintendent beverly hall, died of breast cancer over the course of the trial .
maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country, with an average income of $72,483 . alaska is second with $72,237, followed by new jersey with $70,165 . the top five is completed by hawaii and the district of columbia . mississippi's middle class is the lowest paid in the country .
the former head of general electric insisted that it's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management . welch warned that this increase in middle management is driving up the cost of higher education, which is failing to give students value for the amount of money they are forced to shell out .
millie marotta, 36, from tenby, west wales, is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume animal kingdom . the black and white book is made up of detailed line illustrations of animals, plants and birds . it has sold 500,000 copies worldwide and been translated into 19 different languages .
kagoshima district court finds no "irrationalities" in new safety standards . the ruling could provide a fillip to the government's plans to bring reactors back into operation .
lord janner signed over the deeds of his £2 million home to his children . the former labour mp's duplex apartment in north london was transferred free of charge to his two daughters and son in march last year . the revelation follows an outcry over the decision not to prosecute the 86-year-old for child abuse .
diane james, ukip’s justice spokesman, applauded putin's nationalist credentials . she argued he was forced into invading ukraine because of eu . ukip leader nigel farage sparked a row last year when he hailed russian president as a ‘brilliant operator’ .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call.
asylum seeker jafar adeli was snared by paedophile vigilante group letzgo hunting . the 32-year-old arranged to meet someone he believed to be a teenage girl . when he arrived at bus station, he had three condoms in his pocket . but instead of being greeted by a schoolgirl, adeli was arrested . adeli was jailed for 27 months at leicester crown court on wednesday .
billy joe saunders and chris eubank jnr could rematch in under six weeks . the pair clashed in a 12-round grudge match on november 29 . saunders handed eubank his first career defeat .
tulsa county reserve deputy robert bates, 73, shot eric courtney harris, 44, with his gun . bates thought he pulled out his taser during an arrest, but instead shot the suspect . harris died at a local hospital and his cause of death is under investigation .
vivid starts on may 22 and runs until june 8 from 6pm-midnight each night, with over 60 light installations and 140 artists . the festival has expanded its installations outside the cbd and now includes the newly erected central park in chippendale and chatswood . circular quay, the rocks, darling harbour, pyrmont and martin place will host exhibits .
qpr drew 3-3 with aston villa at villa park on monday night . rangers goalkeeper rob green was embroiled in a ball boy prank . the ball boy pretends to hand green the ball back before rolling it . green let clint dempsey's shot slip through his fingers at the 2010 world cup .
more than 600 people are part of the havasupai tribe, which is the smallest indian nation in america . the village of supai is concealed at the bottom of havasu canyon, in the heart of the havasupai nation reservation . the picturesque plot was claimed by the havasupai tribe from the national park rangers in 1975 .
leia, an eight-month-old boxer from pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier . footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep .
england drew 1-1 with italy in a glamour friendly at the juventus stadium . three lions captain wayne rooney said he and the rest of the squad were upset by their first half performance . roy hodgson's side dominated the second period, levelling in style through andros townsend .
johanna powell, 37, was sailing on a boat along the mekong river in laos . the boat hit a rock in a stretch of rapids and crew swam to safety . but ms powell, from cardiff, disappeared under the strong current . emergency services in laos have recovered a body in the search for her . she is feared to have drowned while on a dream holiday in south east asia .
billy thompson was last seen on saturday at sugar bear's home in mcintyre, georgia, where mama june's daughter jessica was preparing to go to prom . since then billy hasn't been seen and he isn't returning any phone calls or texts . the family have filed a report with the local police department and are especially worried because billy has been struggling to find work and recently suffered a difficult split from the mother of his children .
san bernardino county officers pursued francis pusok, 30, on thursday . he was seen riding the horse through the southern california desert . two deputies caught up with him on foot and stun him with a taser . he falls to the ground before standing up and trying to flee . they continue to beat him with their fists and kick him in the groin . san bernardino county sheriff, john mcmah
the german grand prix has been axed from the 2015 calendar . financial problems meant bernie ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the italian grand prix . jackie stewart says there should always be a place for the 'essential races' in germany, italy, britain, france and monaco .
rosetta swooped to within 8.6 miles (14 km) of comet 67p’s surface on saturday . its camera was able to capture a four image montage showing the two lobes of the icy comet in incredible detail . the top right frame offers a stunning view onto hapi, the comet’s ‘neck’ region littered with boulders .
hop theory 'beer-bag' promises to turn light beer into craft beer in two minutes . contains blend of hops, fruit peels and natural spices . project has been criticised by professional breweries as misleading .
wisconsin beat kentucky 71-64 in the semi-finals of the ncaa tournament . frank kaminsky scored 20 points and 11 rebounds in the tense win . wisconsin will play duke in the final at the lucas oil stadium in indianapolis .
everton drew 1-1 with swansea at the liberty stadium on saturday . seamus coleman was given a penalty after being tackled by marvin emnes . roberto martinez said coleman should have been awarded a free-kick . martinez said referee michael oliver should have used 'common sense' .
the boat, named airone, was intercepted off the coast of sicily . gunmen on a speedboat fired shots in the air and sped away with it, eu agency says .
imf official admits he cannot envisage successful conclusion to bailout . greece this week repeated threats to stop paying off its loan and default on its debt if europe refuses to release more funds . this would make it harder for the country to remain in the eurozone .
a guest list of 120 people had been invited to stephanie and her fiance aaron leeson-woolley's wedding at the picturesque eat your greens venue . the venue is 2km outside the tiny town of eugowra, in new south wales' central west region . the popular high school teacher was last seen on easter sunday, which sparked a widespread search . police found the remains of a body at a national park on friday - the day before the teacher's big day .
alan stubbs did not know what to make of peter houston's post-match comments . falkirk boss said he had 'a lot of respect' for houston and what he's done . hibernian host falkirk at the britannia stadium on saturday .
violet price, 80, had been missing from home in moustier village since last week . her son, who lives in same area, was unable to reach her by phone . a 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with murder . source close to probe had said she was 'neither depressive nor suicidal'
gang used flat-pack wooden cabinet as a 'trojan horse' to steal jewellery . they planned to put real money in a briefcase and show it to jeweller . while price was agreed, man would switch it for identical case containing counterfeit notes . gang posed as wealthy italian businessmen and stole more than £1.5million . but they were seized when police swooped on conference room in manchester .
sky turned blood red for nearly an hour in aershan city, inner mongolia . residents feared the end was nigh when heavens opened and sky fell . no one is quite sure what caused the bizarre red sky .
radamel falcao joined manchester united on a one-year loan deal in september . the colombian has scored just four goals in 25 appearances this season . monaco vice-president vadim vasilyev says united are yet to decide .
dr sahar hussain, 53, attacked two tube workers at leicester square station . she panicked when she couldn't get through the gates and started ranting . hussain found guilty and ordered to pay a total of £2,250 in fines, compensation and court costs . she could face disciplinary action from the general medical council .
edwin 'jock' mee, 46, accused of attacking 11 cadets as young as 15 . one woman said he was a father figure after he helped her join army . mee allegedly told her her visa application had been delayed to persuade her to have sex with him .
carwyn scott-howell, seven, plunged 160ft to his death in flaine, france . he was skiing with his mother ceri and siblings gerwyn and antonia . family described him as a 'daring, outgoing, determined little boy' .
alec stewart is interested in the newly-created role of england cricket director . the surrey director of cricket has admitted he has had no contact with the ecb about the position . stewart's fellow former england captains andrew strauss and michael vaughan have also been linked to the job .
zane gbangbola died at home in chertsey, surrey, after being poisoned by gas . for months after his death, police and other agencies ruled out fears that the deadly fumes had come from a landfill site . instead, they insisted carbon monoxide from a faulty pump had caused his death . but damning new evidence proves authorities knew for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing zane had leaked into the family's home .
shai hope and carlos brathwaite included in 14-man west indies squad . sheldon cottrell, miguel cummins, shane dowrich, leon johnson and veerasammy permaul have all been stood down for the opening game of the three-match series . denesh ramdin will continue to captain the side, with kraigg brathwaite as his deputy .
kieron power's wife had been given a £110 ticket for doing the same thing . a week later he went back to gather evidence of police cars parked at stop . delivery driver, 54, was stopped in pincer manoeuvre by a pair of police cars . he was questioned under anti-terror laws after he took photographs .
chelsea technical director michael emenalo travelled to spain to watch koke . koke signed a long-term deal with atletico madrid only last year . mourinho is reportedly planning to offer filipe luis to his former club .
feidin santana, 23, visited the scott family's charleston, south carolina home on thursday to meet with the man's parents, son and other relatives . santana has been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone camera trained on officer michael slager as he fired eight shots at scott, 50, on saturday . 'i don't know how this would've turned out without the video, i just want to thank you,' s
rogue european eagle owl has terrorised dutch town of noordeinde for months . 6lbs bird spent around one minute perched on blonde-haired woman's head . locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against bird .
oliver pareece jones, 37, was last seen at a walmart on foothill boulevard in rancho cucamonga, california, on april 5 at 6.26am . he was caught on surveillance camera checking out of the four points sheraton hotel and withdrew $800 in cash from a cash point . he then stopped at walmart and spent more than $350 on items including clothes, a radio, a backpack and camping gear . jones, who owns a pecan business in chih
martynas kupstys was mistakenly let out of lincoln prison in august 2014 . kupstys was on trial for the murder of ivans zdanovics at lincoln crown court . he posted a video of himself brandishing a large meat cleaver on facebook . kupstys was jailed for life at lincoln crown court for the murder .
mother-of-two christine lillico, 47, stole £78,000 over a six year period . she was trusted with looking after parents' bank accounts as their health deteriorated . but she plundered their life savings to bankroll her own lifestyle . lillico was jailed for 20 months and ordered to pay her brother £39,000 .
allie davis, 21, dubbed 'official allie davis relationship test', yesterday . she made her boyfriend take written exam on beyonce, along with questions about other pop stars, in order to stay with her . she posted results on twitter, revealing he passed with 80% score . after questions about beyonce's songs, allie asked: 'briefly explain solange knowles elevator incident. who was involved?' she also asked: 'a billion dollars, and jay z got punched'
rangers have been de-listed from the aim after dave king failed to find a new nominated advisor . interim chairman paul murray put the blame for aim's decision at the door of the club's previous board . there is also the possibility of legal action from former football board chairman sandy easdale .
tavon watson, 24, was doing 100mph at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world in orlando when he slammed the $220,000 lamborghini into a guardrail sunday . florida highway patrol sgt kim montes revealed tuesday that the guardrail damaged the italian car on the east side of the passenger door . terry, 35, died at the scene while watson was rushed to celebration hospital for treatment where he was later declared stable .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at selhurst park on monday . alan pardew has won nine games in charge of palace since leaving newcastle . pardew could be a candidate for manager of the year with his record at both clubs . a team compiled with newcastle and crystal palace's stats pre/post pardew would be sitting in 19th place .
stephanie scott's remains have been transported to glebe morgue in sydney . state coroner michael barnes has ordered an autopsy this week . detectives who are leading the investigation will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused 24-year-old murderer . ms scott was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years aaron leeson-woolley .
claims made in new book by former royal correspondent ana romero . claims king juan-carlos had affair with german socialite in final decade of reign . royal couple were at university of alcala de henares to present literature prize .
mcdonald's advert appeared to claim italian children prefer happy meals . chef eduardo pagnani described the advert as 'blasphemy' . true neapolitan pizza association has accused mcdonald's of a 'shameful' attack .
viv nicholson won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the littlewoods pools in 1961 . the 25-year-old cake factory worker from castleford, yorkshire, died on saturday . viv was so poor that she couldn’t even afford a pair of tights for the press conference, and had to borrow her sister’s .
tim mcgraw is facing a backlash from conservative fans who say that his decision to headline a concert for a gun control charity could end his career . the louisiana-raised singer committed to a benefit concert for the sandy hook promise group, which formed in the aftermath of the sandy hook elementary school shooting in 2012 . anti-gun control commenters have said that mcgraw risks losing his career the same way the dixie chicks never bounced back from criticizing president george w bush .
gareth bale has been linked with a move to manchester united . real madrid legend zinedine zidane says the wales international is not for sale . zidane says bale would 'improve any squad in the world' .
ohio-based national school safety and security services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year . researchers found that about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means . law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit .
archbishop of brisbane phillip aspinall has called for queensland's controversial 'gay panic' homicide defence to be scrapped . the defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim 'came on' to them . dr aspinall also appealed to those who resorted to violence at recent anti-islam rallies, as well as a individuals behind an apparent spate of church vandalism in melbourne .
95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014, according to the u.s. census bureau . for women ages 20 to 24, 755.2 percent were childless last year . 47.6 percent of women ages 15 to 44 were childless last year, the highest it's ever been .
hillary clinton will once again seek the democratic party nomination for president . clinton's allies in the finance world are eager to galvanize a broad network of potential donors . many on wall street and in the broader business community view her as a dependable force .
daily mirror published images 21 hours before scotland yard released them . it claims it handed them to police, who were 'delighted', according to report . but yesterday detectives insisted they had cctv footage 'at earliest opportunity' john o'connor said he had 'never heard of anything like this' . former flying squad chief said: 'i'm not blaming the mirror, but i'm pointing some quite accusing fingers at the police for not finding it themselves'
liz norden's adult sons, jp and paul, each lost their right leg in the blasts . the men, now in their mid-thirties, shielded friends from the second blast . they were hit by mix of shrapnel and ball-bearings unleashed by tsarnaevs . norden has said it is 'way too soon' for wahlberg to dramatize the atrocity .
snp leader nicola sturgeon hit back at claims from former pm sir john major . sir john said snp would use any power in westminster to foster division . he mocked ms sturgeon over her demand to play a role in propping up a labour government, when she is 'not even bothering' to stand as an mp herself .
trey moses poses for girlfriend ellie meredith for his prom . ellie is a high school freshman with down syndrome .
celtic drew 0-0 with inverness caledonian caley in the scottish cup . leigh griffiths opened the scoring for the highlanders in the third minute . eoghan o'connell scored an own goal to give inverness the win .
the san francisco property was teeming with black widows, rats, feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on april 4 . the 1904 victorian build in bay area will be sold at a live auction by tim hawko of zephyr real estate . experts say the eerie backstory could even add to the intrigue .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . jose mourinho has come under fire for his side's lack of possession . louis van gaal's side are the most negative side to ever win the title .
a 24-year-old man is in custody after calling for an ambulance, a prosecutor says . he claims he accidentally injured himself when he mishandled a weapon . but authorities find weapons, ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches .
manchester united will play club america, san jose earthquakes, barcelona and psg on a pre-season tour of the united states . louis van gaal was unhappy with the amount of travelling united had to do in the usa last summer . united's shirt sponsors chevrolet are keen for the club to visit the far east .
the $2 billion fiona stanley hospital in southwest perth was stripped of its medical service provider serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment in february . the hospital has been found of continuing to operate with poorly sanitised instruments .
sister duo jess and stef dadon have teamed up with new york company 'print all over me' the melbourne sisters have teamed up with buffalo shoes, the brand behind the spice girls' trademark platforms . the shoot took place in sydney's luna park .
italian authorities announced the end of "mare nostrum" -- a naval mission that rescued would-be migrants in peril . frida ghitis: without european support, italy cut back the naval assets dedicated to rescuing migrants .
paris saint-germain have opened discussions with paul pogba over a possible move from juventus . the italian champions were kept informed even though no formal offer has yet been made to the club for the france international . barcelona have also shown an intention to bid for pogba . sevilla are weighing up a return for manchester city winger jesus navas .
prices have fallen by the largest amount in almost a decade . supermarkets continue to slash the cost of milk, vegetables and meat . clothes and footwear have dropped by around 7.8% in the last 12 months . milk, bread, eggs, cheese and roasting chickens have seen biggest fall .
last week, uk oil & gas investments boasted it discovered 'world class resource' ukog said analysis of well near gatwick suggested 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the weald basin, covering surrey, sussex, hampshire and kent . but the company has now admitted its estimates were based on findings made in a 55-square-mile stretch of the basin, less than two per cent of the total surface area .
logan kehoe, 13, was having final dip in pool at holiday complex in costa teguise . emergency services dashed to pool but were unable to save him . head teacher kevin mcevoy said: 'we were very saddened to hear news'
hbo's hit series game of thrones is set to return with its fifth series . travel service zicasso is offering a seven-night tour of southern spain . the tour starts in madrid and ends in the andalusian capital, seville .
rotor volgograd have been wound up after going bankrupt . the russian outfit famously beat manchester united in the uefa cup . volgograd are one of the 11 host cities for the 2018 world cup .
a new video appears to show rihanna preparing a suspicious substance . the clip was posted to instagram and quickly deleted . rihanna later shared a similar video showing her holding the tube .
no serious injuries were reported in the crashes on u.s. highway 36 between boulder and denver . in aurora, near denver, one person died after being thrown from an oldsmobile bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of interstate 225, striking a passing public bus . in the mountains, interstate 70 was temporarily closed after several trucks spun out on snowy vail pass .
michael owen said he didn't believe charlie adam's 66-yard strike was worthy of goal of the season . the former england striker sparked a debate on bt sport's fletch and sav show . owen scored 163 career goals in 362 appearances for liverpool, real madrid, newcastle, manchester united and stoke .
paige vanzant was one of the few ufc athletes to be awarded an individual contract with reebok . the 21-year-old was declared the winner by lop-sided scores of 30-26, 30-26 and 30-27 in just her second fight in the promotion . vanzant has only fought six times as a professional .
gao yu, 71, immediately said she would appeal, her lawyer says . she was convicted of revealing state secrets and sentenced to seven years in prison .
christopher scarver was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing jeffrey dahmer . scarver says he killed dahmer because of dahmer's sense of humor .
chile's national geology and mining service says it is evaluating the spectacular nighttime eruption . about 231 ⁇ 2 inches (60 centimeters) of ash fell in some places . military and police forces are assisting with the evacuations of more than 4,400 residents .
professor john warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours . professor warren said the trees display 'unique flowering behaviour' during the day the plants flower with their 'female parts' ready to be pollinated by bees .
west brom beat crystal palace 1-0 at selhurst park on saturday . james morrison and craig gardner scored the goals at selhurst park . tony pulis left crystal palace just two days before the new season .
sir ranulph fiennes, 71, is oldest briton to complete marathon des sables . veteran explorer has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003 . there were fears he would not be able to finish race after 91km fourth stage . explorer has raised almost £1million for marie curie, previously raising £6.3m .
ken clarke bemoaned the conservatives' recent electoral performances . he warned against offering 'blank cheques' to the nhs and foreign aid budgets . also criticised leadership for making personal attacks on ed miliband .
prospect of a 'blukip' alliance is just as likely as a labour-snp coalition . lib dems release new campaign poster warning of 'blukip' alliance . comes after ukip leader called on tories to vote tactically for him .
andrew hichens will be working with one pc and two police community service officers in hayle in western cornwall . father of two will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages while on hand to respond to most 999 calls .
robert durst, 71, was arrested in new orleans on march 14 and charged with possession of a weapon by a felon and possession of a gun with a controlled substance . his lawyers were expected to challenge the case by accusing police of searching durst's hotel room without a warrant . however, as a shackled durst appeared to be sleeping in the courtroom, the judge raged at his attorneys for being unprepared . it was the day before the final episode of the jinx: the life and deaths
newcastle united fans have been encouraged to stand up against mike ashley . the club announced record profits of £18.7million earlier this month . ashleyout.com was behind last sunday's boycott of the 3-1 defeat to spurs .
thousands stranded on trains near clapham junction in south-west london . power supply problem led to four lines being closed and fights broke out on platforms . passengers were not allowed to leave trains by themselves due to safety concerns . at least 338 cancellations and 138 part cancellations that missed stops or terminated before their destination .
chancellor warns of 'dangerous cocktail' if snp calls shots in labour . osborne says it would spark a 'constitutional crisis' if snp holds balance of power . snp leader nicola sturgeon unveiled £140billion 'ransom note' for labour .
brendan rodgers says raheem sterling will be going nowhere this summer . sterling admitted in a television interview that he is not yet ready to sign the new £100,000-a-week contract tabled by the club . rodgers said sterling was still young and 'sometimes makes mistakes' . liverpool face arsenal at anfield on saturday in the premier league .
marvin "papi gallo" jones and ramon luis nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from jones' black and red shorts . referee frankie santore jr. went over to pick up the samsung galaxy and looked like he was chastising jones . jones, 32, held his hands up as the referee took the phone over to the side of the ring .
researchers from germany, canada and the u.s. asked 6,100 people if they would kill a hitler to prevent wwii . they found that women are more reluctant to do anything harmful in the short-term to secure a better result in the long-term .
left-wing, buenos aires-based tectonica is responsible for the websites of more than 200 labour parliamentary candidates . it also designed the websites of harriet harman, andy burnham and tristram hunt . tory mps last night claimed labour’s argentinian link was an ‘embarrassment’ for miliband .
raheem sterling filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as 'hippy crack' drugs charity re-solv has called on the 'role model' player to apologise to fans . sterling has been accused of using the drug in the past .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . eden hazard scored the only goal of the game at stamford bridge . john terry led the celebrations on the field at full-time .
video taken in forecourt of sunoco gas station in philadelphia shows five people storming out of a minivan and attacking the 51-year-old . one of the group takes out mace as the man is brought to the ground . they stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless . the encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10-year-old boy telling his mother the homeless man hit him .
mohamed morsy was sentenced to 20 years in prison for the torture of protesters . he was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters .
"all-new x-men" no. 40 reveals that bobby drake, aka iceman, is gay . the character is perhaps best known for his appearances in many of the "x-men" films .
youtube star promises tamang turns herself into maleficent . uses clever contouring technique made famous by kim kardashian . promises has been posting youtube tutorials for six years .
four people snatched a seal or sea lion pup from a los angeles beach early sunday . witnesses said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car . the initial police report said the animal was a small seal . a companion pup that escaped and was later found on the beach is a sea lion . sea lions of this size are 'really small, really look cute, but they're dangerous,' said peter wallerstein, the president of the group marine animal rescue .
witness robert kushner lost his varsity coaching job at the jack m. barrack hebrew academy in suburban bryn mawr . kushner, 32, is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing . he told jurors tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest .
wolf hall's codpieces were said to be too small for henry viii's court . cambridge academic victoria miller said they should have been double the size . damian lewis admitted they were a source of some 'giggling'
thousands take to the streets of durban to protest against violence and xenophobia . an online community has joined the protests . the marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives .
danny rose signed a five-year contract at tottenham last summer . manchester city are interested in attacking left back . but spurs will resist any offers for the 24-year-old .
southampton beat hull city 1-0 at st mary's in the premier league . graziano pelle scored his first premier league goal since december . the italian striker was sent off in the first half for a clash with alex bruce .
aston villa beat tottenham 1-0 at white hart lane on saturday . tim sherwood was renowned for his fiery displays on the touchline . sherwood shook his fist at the home fans at the final whistle .
protoaurignacian culture arrived in southern europe 40,000 years ago . neanderthals were dominant human species in europe and much of asia for 250,000 years before vanishing entirely 41,000 years ago . scientists took ct scans of teeth found at riparo bombrini in western ligurian alps and in the grotta di fumane in western lessini mountains in italy . they found the enamel on the crown of the teeth was thicker than that found on neanderthal teeth .
gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought the 1840s creole cottage style home from the central city neighborhood . a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot . tillero and ensslen then dismantled the home, moved it to the freret neighborhood and renovated the home . they used salvaged materials and respecting the home's original floor plan .
fighting has killed hundreds in less than two weeks . the houthis, who are shiites in a majority sunni country, still control sanaa .
students emily clark, 20, morgan bass, 20, abbie deloach, 21, abbie pittman, 21, catherine pittman, 21, caitlyn baggett, 21, and brittney mcdaniel, 18, were killed in the crash . georgia southern university students brittney mcdaniel and megan richards, both 19, were hospitalized with injuries . a tractor-trailer plowed into traffic on interstate 16, setting off a chain reaction that killed five nursing
four children were playing in and around a parked minivan when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside . two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help . the other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out . police say it appears the fire was unintentional and accidental . no criminal charges are expected because of the age of the child who started the fire .
mary murphy, 66, and her partner john wood, 67, died after falling down stairs . miss murphy was trying to grab mr wood when he stumbled at the top of the stairs . but she slipped herself and the pair fell to their deaths in failsworth, greater manchester . police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious, but after investigating they believe it was a 'bizarre and tragic' accident .
firefighters rescued the woman's three daughters and a son, ages 9 to 13, at around 1.30pm sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911 . the mother, a single mother who reportedly works at the philadelphia international airport, is facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child . neighbors were stunned to learn of the allegations against the mother of four, whom they described as a hard-working airport employee and nursing student .
world's largest atom-smashing machine restarted today . lhc shut down two years ago after proving existence of higgs boson . scientists hope it will now be able to see dark matter for the first time .
real madrid beat granada 9-1 in their la liga clash at the santiago bernabeu . iker casillas handed a young fan a real madrid shirt at the half-time break . casillas previously made sure the fan was ok after being struck by a ball .
films portraying 'beautiful young vampires' are said to be driving surge . tv shows including true blood and twilight are said to be encouraging surge . vatican considers such incidents a form of demonic possession .
man shot himself at universal studios in hollywood, california, on friday . police say he was stalking ex-girlfriend, who works in a restaurant . last week he was escorted off premises after vandalizing car . but he was spotted near water slides, where he shot himself dead .
davy condon was riding portrait king in the grand national at aintree . the jockey fell at the third-last, leaving him with a spinal concussion . condon was advised to retire after suffering a second spinal injury within a year .
arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on wednesday . aaron ramsey has scored 25 goals for arsenal since start of season . ramsey dedicated his last goal against burnley to his late gran .
brian klawiter posted a message on his company's facebook page on tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business . klawiter, 35, claims he has been surprised at how his post has attracted national media attention . he claims he was taking a stand for conservative christian values and amongst other issues, he is also promising a discount for gun owners .
joe allen believes liverpool have performed well against big teams in the last two seasons . the midfielder believes the reds have not froze . allen has been given an extended opportunity to prove his worth . liverpool face arsenal at anfield on saturday .
prime minister hailed the work of the church in his annual easter message . condemned the persecution of christians following the massacre in kenya . criticised bishops for a controversial election letter calling for a 'fresh moral vision of the kind of country we want to be'
benito gonzalez, 46, who pleaded guilty to a lewdness charge after allegedly masturbating in a starbucks says his post-traumatic stress disorder is to blame . the father-of-three says the incident is the culmination of a three-year downward spiral following a traumatic experience more than three years ago . a surveillance photo posted to the cherry hill police facebook page led to the father-of-three's arrest .
virginia roberts is being sued for defamation by us attorney alan dershowitz . he said that if she repeated her claims she will have perjured herself . miss roberts has also been branded 'despicable' by agency owner jean luc brunel .
temple told all 147 tigers must be handed over by friday or they will be seized . animal rights activists have been campaigning against mistreatment of tigers . temple is popular with tourists for being able to interact with the big cats .
nadine crooks stopped taking contraceptives after discovering she was infertile . 33-year-old was told she would never be able to conceive naturally again . she is now expecting two boys and a girl with her 35-year-old partner . triplets will be siblings to roxanne, 18, trae, 13, zion, 9, and joshua, 18 months .
yazidi girl, 9, released from isis prison near kirkuk, northern iraq . she was 'sexually abused by no fewer than ten men' while in captivity . yazidis are known to be kept as 'sex slaves' in the self-proclaimed caliphate .
utrecht drew 1-1 with ajax at the stadion galgenwaard on sunday . edouard duplan had no idea he had been substituted midway through the first-half . the referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion utrecht had an extra man on the pitch and marched over to duplan .
apple's watch goes on sale officially on april 24, online and through appointments in shops, including trendy fashion boutiques in paris, london and tokyo . there was immediately brisk bidding on ebay for confirmed orders for watches, with hundreds of sellers looking to make a few hundred or even thousand dollars .
vladimir putin said phone records from early 2000s show direct contact between north caucasus separatists and us secret services . said he raised issue with then-us president george w. bush, who promised to 'kick the ass' of the intelligence officers in question . but he claimed a few days later the heads of russia's fsb received a letter from their american counterparts, which said they had the right to support opposition forces in russia .
texas a&m, galveston, professor irwin horwitz emailed his strategic management class of 30 students saying he would fail them all . he claimed he had seen cheating, heard false rumors about himself and others and had been called a 'f****** moron' to his face . the university has said that the failing grades horwitz wishes to give out will not hold .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . blues held the ball for just 29 per cent of the game at stamford bridge . jose mourinho says he is unconcerned by statistics and only cares about results .
tottenham drew 0-0 with burnley at turf moor on sunday . kyle walker sustained the injury after a collision with kieran trippier . scans have revealed he has not broken his foot .
sasha obama, 14, was spotted with white earbuds in her ears as she and her sister malia hiked at great falls park in virginia on sunday . the impromptu trip came after the white house sent reporters home for the day, sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult .
floyd mayweather is due for his final conference call this wednesday . manny pacquiao has said he is 'very good' in response to an opening question about how well training camp was going . bob arum, the pacman's promoter, ordered an end to the discussion when he realised that many more than the promised tight-knit group of leading sportswriters were jamming the lines . arum has always doubted the worth of mass telephone talk-ins .
this year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun . nasa's kepler satellite has discovered nearly 2,000 confirmed "exoplanets"
north korea's enigmatic ruler expected to visit moscow to mark end of world war ii in europe . russia has announced that the trip has been canceled . kim runs one of the most brutally repressive regimes on earth .
ashley young is a resident dj at manchester united . but he admits louis van gaal orders him to play only house music . olly murs asks if his mainstream tunes are played in the changing room .
four roma men and women appeared in marseille court today . accused of paying a roma gang £6,500 and a bmw for baby boy tony . six others are facing related charges in 'two thousand piece puzzle' they deny charges, saying babies were 'gifts' .
video footage shows the friendly feline named kit letting the newborn chihuahuas nuzzle her fluffy belly . the pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on tuesday afternoon and taken to the humane society for immediate treatment . a note on the cardboard container indicated they were born last friday and their mother had died .
iranian president hassan rouhani says iran will stick to its promises . iran will keep some centrifuges and no longer face international sanctions, he says .
jonathan trott is set to make his 50th test appearance for england . trott was forced to quit the last ashes tour after losing to mitchell johnson . trott admits he thought his england career was over after reaching 'breaking point' in brisbane .
alfred taubman was a real estate developer who helped change the face of suburban life . his company, taubman centers, was founded 65 years ago .
jessica wright is the first celebrity to front an ann summers campaign . the towie star is the face of the resort collection, hotel summers . jess says she is a huge fan of the brand and was thrilled to be on board .
photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty show beijing's famous landmarks almost devoid of visitors . they are some of the earliest holiday snaps of the chinese capital – taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty . they are a far cry from modern-day beijing, which is one of the most populous cities in the world .
marion "suge" knight will stand trial on one count of murder, one count of attempted murder and one count of hit-and-run . the judge also lowered knight's bail to $10 million from $25 million . knight collapsed in court last month after learning of the $25 million bail .
putin will consider any attempt to return crimean peninsula to ukraine declaration of war . will take any necessary step - including using nuclear weapons - to retain control . also said to be planning imminent 'destabilising actions' in pro-western baltic states . disturbances thought to involve cyber attacks or ramping up ethnic tensions .
last week, a handful of british tech fanatics took delivery of the first highly sought-after apple watches . but there’s one example of a new generation of watches designed to do far more than just tell the time . there’s a watch that could make your life easier, whether you’re a fitness fanatic, want to track your sleep and calorie intake or simply like the idea of checking your emails on your wrist .
an unnamed wall street trader made a profit of approximately $2.5million on friday thanks to a tweet from the wall street journal . the trader purchased 315,800 shares of altera at $36 a share for a total cost of $11,368,000 plus $110,530 for a $0.35 call option . when the market closed for the day, altera was valued at $44.39 per share - an increase of 28% .
staff sgt. julian mcdonald of columbus, ohio has welcomed 4-year-old layka, a belgian malinois, into his home . layka was on her eighth overseas military tour with mcdonald in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an ak-47 . mcdonald was so endebted to layka for the bravery she had her leg amputated .
a mechanical arm slams into red and black suitcases and thrusts them onto a lower conveyor belt . it is not known where the video was taken, although it is believed to be an international airport . dutch company vanderlande market leaders in the machinery .
madison avery crotty, from san diego, is seen screaming and crying . her doting father buddy decided to try out his terrifying impersonation . the crackling, deep-sea sound is reminiscent of what madison might have heard in the womb just a month earlier .
the man, who has not been named, fell onto electrified tracks in washington, d.c., tuesday afternoon . two men leaped down after him and pulled him up from the rails . it is unclear exactly what sent the electric wheelchair tumbling over the lip of the platform .
doug gregory, 92, was knocked down by a car while reading his daily newspaper . the ex-spitfire pilot suffered a serious head injury and died two weeks later . he was awarded the distinguished flying cross for his gallantry in 69 combat missions over nazi-occupied europe .
darren bent has scored seven goals on loan at championship side derby . former england striker says villa were '100 per cent' correct to sack paul lambert . bent also praised tim sherwood, who he knows from tottenham .
pamela anderson joined controversial sheriff joe arpaio at the maricopa county jail on wednesday to promote the benefits of an all-vegetarian diet . arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year . anderson, a longtime vegan and a spokeswoman for the animal rights group people for the ethical treatment of animals, said she hopes the meal initiative stands as a model for prisons and jails across the country .
abby lubiewski was born with hallerman-streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts . she can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her specs . when her mother amanda lubiewski received her daughter's photographs, she immediately saw that her child's smile was strained . she said it was because abby 'couldn't see' . official school portraits are released to the public if a child goes missing .
wada director general david howman said this week that he was disappointed armstrong hadn't apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits . armstrong first declined comment on howman's remark but then revealed his attempt to meet him in 2013 . he then backed off under advice from wada lawyers .
carlos manuel perez jr, 28, was allegedly pitted against andrew jay arevalo, 24 . he was serving a four-year sentence for hitting a man with a two-by-four . arevalo was serving six years for burglary at high desert state prison . a trainee corrections officer waded in and fired four shots in a row . blasts killed perez and left arevalo with wounds to his face .
alice kovach-suehn, 56, from apopka, florida, was arrested last friday and charged with elderly neglect . police say they found the 96-year-old man in her care weighing only 89lbs . the senior in kovach-suehn's care was discovered covered in filth and severely emaciated . he told officers he was being starved and never allowed to eat anything but meat and ‘dog feces’ .
lisa mearkle, 36, is charged with criminal homicide in the shooting death of david kassick, 59, on february 2 . mearkle claims she shot kassick in self-defense because she saw him reach into his jacket for a weapon . her attorneys have asked a judge to bar the distinct attorney from releasing the video . preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to send the case to trial is scheduled for monday .
nathan is attracting interest from chelsea and manchester city . the 19-year-old has been in contract dispute with atletico paranaense . nathan would join fellow brazilians willian, ramires, filipe luis and oscar at stamford bridge .
raheem sterling has revealed he will wait until the summer to make a decision on his future at liverpool . the 20-year-old is in talks to sign a new £35,000-per-week deal with the reds . sterling scored for england in their 4-0 win over lithuania at wembley last friday night .
sevilla beat zenit 2-0 in their europa league clash on saturday . carlos bacca opened the scoring for the hosts after five minutes . kevin gameiro equalised for zenit with five minutes remaining . but zenit couldn't hold on for extra time as the tie went to extra time .
the first year students at washington university were practising at creve coeur lake in missouri when the giant asian carp decided to strike . the st. louis freshman men’s crew were captured on video rowing under a bridge by filmmaker benjamin rosenbaum . initially all is calm until slight splashes can be seen rippling in the water around the boat . suddenly all hell breaks loose and hundreds of fish leap from the water and hurl themselves at the boat .
inter milan will propose a loan with view to a permanent £15million deal for stevan jovetic . the montenegro international is keen to return to italy after making just 39 appearances since his £22million move from fiorentina in 2013 . city would prefer the money up front and are reluctant to agree to a loan deal for the 25-year-old .
darren bent opened the scoring from the penalty spot for derby . odion ighalo equalised for watford with 15 minutes to go . heurelho gomes saved a penalty from richard keogh . ighalo made it 2-2 shortly after half-time .
newcastle united had more than £34m in the bank at the end of last financial year . club announced record profits last month of £18.7m for 2013/14 season . but full accounts show £38.6m was transferred into newcastle's bank account as a cash-flow sum - paying off a £4.5m overdraft and leaving £34.1m available . a protest, backed by the newcastle supporters' trust, is planned for sunday with fans being urged to boycott the home match against tottenham .
norway will switch off its fm transmitters on january 11 2017 . the uk had planned to switch off its own fm service by 2018 but the plans were later shelved following objections from commercial radio stations . streaming has topped cd sales for the first time in the united states as music listeners flock to on-demand services and internet radio .
police in lucknow, northern india, have bought four pepper-spraying drones . the miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray . views on the new measure are mixed, with some concerned about the suppression of freedom of speech .
mercedes boss toto wolff says team may have to deal with 'unpopular calls' comes after nico rosberg moaned about lewis hamilton's speed . hamilton won the chinese grand prix but has come under fire from rosberg .
johnny kemp is believed to have drowned at a beach in montego bay . he is best known for the 1988 party anthem "just got paid"
ricky ricardo chiles iii, 27, killed himself with a single shot on thursday morning as police closed in on him at the presidential inn & suites in lyon, illinois . since tuesday, police were looking for chiles iii in connection to the killings of 40-year-old archie brown jr and 15-year-old rasheed chiles . brown struck and killed two-year-old damani terry after he darted into the
tibetan mastiffs are so unpopular in china they are being sent to slaughterhouses . their meat is being put into cheap hotpots and the dogs' fortune has declined . the dogs' decline is partly blamed on the chinese government's anti-corruption crackdown .
kick it out has welcomed the successful prosecution of john wild . wild was found guilty of racially abusing jason brown last october . brown criticised kick it out for not doing enough to help him .
nigel pearson insists leicester have no margin for error in their relegation fight . the foxes go to west brom on saturday bottom of the premier league . a 2-1 win over west ham last weekend ended a run of just two points from a possible 24 .
karlie kloss' kode with karlie scholarships will provide 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition to the flatiron school's software engineering program . the 22-year-old model is donating $20,000 of her own money for the classes, which cost $2,000 per student, while the flatiron school has offered to match her contribution .
audrey hepburn's classic moon river tops chart for british parents . eurythmics' there must be an angel came second on the top ten . vanilla ice's ice ice baby and pitbull's my way also made the cut .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 to keep english premier league title hopes alive . aaron ramsey scores the only goal of the game at turf moor . chelsea play queens park rangers on sunday .
brett anthony o'connor has been free on bail since march . he was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in sydney more than 25 years ago . his lawyer, phillip mulherin, applied for a suppression order in the tweed heads local court on monday . magistrate michael dakin refused the request after an abc spokesperson made an application to the court for the case to remain open on behalf of the news organisations .
1st lt michael alonso and 1st lt lantz balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal . alonso and balthazar are both members of the 12th missile squadron at the 341st missile wing at malmstrom air force base in montana . balthazar was charged with illegal possession, use and distribution of ecstasy and cocaine .
video footage shows blaine taylor competing against his older brother cody . but as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it . 'it's broken,' he exclaims as he surveys the mess below him .
louise henderson alakil, 49, moved to yemen 27 years ago and worked as a teacher . she and her children miriam, 11, and ayesha, 9, are hiding in a basement . mrs henderson's passports have expired and uk authorities are closed . they have posted applications to the uk but fear they will not return .
nick clegg said control of the department for education would be a key demand of any new power-sharing deal . he said he wanted to avoid a repeat of battling against the 'ideological gimmicks' of michael gove . mr gove was demoted from running the ministry in last year's cabinet reshuffle to become tory chief whip .
robert durst, 71, entered his plea during an arraignment in a new orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm and an illegal drug, marijuana . durst's hands were shackled to his sides, and two defense attorneys lifted him from an armchair to his feet to walk to the podium . the millionaire real estate heir is charged in the december 2000 death of a longtime friend .
downton creator julian fellowes to give unique insight into his inspiration for period drama . stellar bill includes historian david starkey, best-selling novelist kate mosse, biographer claire tomalin and explorer sir ranulph fiennes .
mitchell was found unconscious in her home tuesday afternoon . she regained consciousness on the ambulance ride to an l.a. hospital . mitchell, 71, was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1997 .
two women knocked out in mass brawl at southport holiday park, merseyside . teenagers started 'running riot' and women threw chairs at one and other . man from liverpool said argument appeared to start after confrontation . he said: 'it was revolting. all hell broke loose. it was supposed to be peaceful'
model, 27, showcases her super toned body in new imagery . models her new summer sleepwear collection for autograph at m&s . full of mix and match pieces featuring sophisticated hues of slate blue and silver with colour pops of peach and floral prints .
jesse willesee was arrested at sydney town hall for smoking weed . his girlfriend jasmine dinjar has posted provocative images on instagram . she has posed topless in underwear printed with marijuana leaves . jesse is the son of television veteran terry willesee .
liam byrne left a memo on his desk after labour's election defeat in 2010 . it said: 'dear chief secretary, i'm afraid there is no money. kind regards and good luck' mr alexander today sent a letter to mr byrne apologising for late reply . he said it was because he had been 'fixing the economy' .
cesc fabregas is set to start against his former club at the emirates . the spanish midfielder left arsenal for barcelona in 2011 . fabregas made 303 appearances for chelsea between 2003 and 2011 .
chelsea are currently nine points clear at the top of the premier league . jose mourinho's side face arsenal at the emirates on sunday . hammersmith and fulham council have sent a letter to residents of fulham . the letter outlines chelsea's plan for their victory parade on may 25 .
nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction, agriculture and leisure . separate study found there was a 'macho culture' in some parts of the construction industry . two thirds of workers spent nearly seven hours a day outdoors thinking they were not at risk from the sun and sunburn . more than half (59%) of those questioned reported having had sunburn - a major contributor to skin cancer - at least once in the last year .
fa are prepared to give away almost title sponsorship of the fa cup to emirates airlines . the proposed £30million, three-year contract for an emirates fa cup gives the fa the resources to ensure the monies received by the clubs for progressing in the world’s most famous club knockout tournament . figures range from £1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the £1.8million either aston villa or arsenal will receive for lifting the trophy on may 30 .
chris lewis, 68, claims ex-wife nicola, 48, duped him about son charlie . mr lewis helped raise 19-year-old charlie as his own for 17 years . mrs lewis had sex with another man months into their marriage, he claims . dna tests now prove that charlie is not his biological son, he says .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday . the red devils are eight points behind premier league leaders liverpool . louis van gaal has warned his players that champions league qualification is still not assured .
rev. sharpton preached at charity missionary baptist church in south carolina . he addressed the scott case and the need for reform around national policing legislation . elected officials and police from north charleston were in attendance . sharpton said: 'when he's wrong ... we protest. when he's right, we should have the same courage to say he's right' .
two teenagers have been charged with masterminding the anzac day terror plot in melbourne . they were 'associates' of abdul numan haider, who was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife . mr haider was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife . he is believed to have planned an 'isis inspired' attack on anzac day ceremony . a friend of the young men revealed the young men 'became radicalised' .
austin carey, 23, and jay rawe, 25, fell off pennine bridge in idaho . parachutes tangled and mr carey broke his back and was told he may never walk again . but a year on, both men have returned to the sport they love - and mr carey has even retraced his steps to successfully jump from the bridge .
joe anderson, 56, claimed £4,500 from chesterfield high school, merseyside . he said he provided the school with 'kudos' for being linked to him . but the school stopped the payments in 2011 and he tried to sue . mr anderson rejected an employment tribunal ruling against him .
richard lapointe, a former dishwasher, was ordered to be freed on friday . last month a court ruled he was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing . lapointe confessed to raping, strangling and stabbing 88-year-old bernice martin . he was sentenced in 1992 to life in prison without parole .
the green party has released a new election advert featuring david cameron, nick clegg, ed miliband and nigel farage forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband . the video, which lasts 3minutes, 40 seconds, does not feature green leader natalie bennett at all . it is designed to show that the tories, lib dems, labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts, public services and immigration .
for the first time a majority, 53%, favor its legalization, with 77% supporting it for medical purposes . support for legalization has risen 11 points in the past few years alone . john sutter: i see a revolution that is burning white hot among young people .
peter alliss said attempts to give women equal rights in golf have 'caused mayhem' he said the bbc could not compete with sky's deep pockets . the open championship will be the last to be broadcast live on the bbc .
doris fuller's daughter, natalie, 28, killed herself in baltimore, maryland, last month . she suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis, and went undiagnosed until her early 20s . fuller has written about how her illness worsened over years and eventually drove her to suicide .
yogita rameshbhai nandwana, five, anisha, three, and their 18-month-old brother harsh weigh 5st 5lbs (34kg), 7st 8lbs (48kg) and 2st 5lbs (15kg) the food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month . father rameshbhai nandwana, 34, of gurjarat, india, is planning to sell his kidney to earn the money needed to see top specialists .
tim sherwood revealed his 'win bonus' to the assembled media on friday . charlie pye had applied for the role after paul lambert was sacked . sherwood reached down under the desk to reveal a twix multi-pack .
nicola sturgeon insists she will call shots in event of a hung parliament . snp have enjoyed a surge in popularity since september's independence referendum . a new opinion poll puts the snp on 54%, up two points on two weeks ago .
courtney brain, 16, was taken out of school when she visited gp for treatment . stunned upon return to class to be told she must make up missed time . her mother jane burnham criticised 'mind-boggling' decision to punish courtney . skegness academy in lincolnshire said detention was to give her best chance .
activists broke into wagner's poultry farm in coldstream, victoria, in march . they found bald, emaciated and close to death hens living in terrible conditions . government health officials inspected the farm two weeks earlier but gave it the all clear . the farm has denied claims that the animals were not being properly cared for .
natalie swindells, 26, eats four bowls of the cereal every day . has not tasted a vegetable for nearly two decades . stopped eating most other foods from the age of two . believes overeating causes more health problems than restricted diet .
mary lucia, 44, was stalked by patrick henry kelly, 56, in march 2014 after he wrote her a letter about his dead dog and she responded sympathetically . he bombarded her with emails, calls and presents, including bottles of wine and sausages . in july, she filed for a restraining order against him . he has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week .
kurt ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at nyack college . he is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts, 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse . ludwigsen was hired by the school in september and police were told he started behaving inappropriately towards his players in october .
a man has died after he was crushed by a garbage truck in melbourne's west . the man was collecting bins in footscray early on saturday morning when the truck rolled forward and pinned him against a pole . paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene . another man has died and two others are fighting for their life in hospital after a car packed with six passengers crashed in melbourne's east .
australian artist george gittoes has just been awarded the 2015 sydney peace prize . the 65-year-old was named as the recipient on saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world . the jury recognised gittoes 'for his courage to witness and confront violence in the war zones of the world' and for 'enlisting the arts to subdue aggression' .
manchester united host aston villa at old trafford (saturday 3pm) robin van persie is out of the game with an ankle injury . luke shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem . jonny evans sits out the fourth match of his six-game ban . ron vlaar could return for villa after shaking off a calf injury .
david turner's new book, the old boys, lays bare the little-known history . he was inspired to write it after hearing david cameron's comparison to flashman . the rise of the pushy parent at the end of 19th century brought institutions to heel .
the p5+1 reached a framework agreement with iran over the country's nuclear program . the talks this week were historic, but also at their most hectic . the site of these negotiations is also a gilded cage for the rich and famous .
neymar fuming after being substituted during 2-2 draw with sevilla . brazilian forward has been replaced in 15 of his 34 matches this season . barcelona still top of la liga, and will need to be united in final run-in .
nikki balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant . when she couldn't find it, she suspected her baby mastiff swallowed it up . but half a year later, she saw a facebook post saying it had been found . it said: 'if u have lost a ring, no matter where, call and describe! found in an unusual place'
joanne whitehouse, 44, had applied for daughter alice, 4, to go to rochdale school . her three brothers, joel, nine, harri, seven, and ollie, six, already attend school . but when allocations were revealed she found out her youngest would have to go to a different school, which is a 20 minute walk from her other children's . ms whitehouse's granddaughter olivia, also four, will have to attend middleton parish c of e primary school with alice .
ukip leader says party is now 'serious challenger' to labour in northern seats . accuses party of making claims ukip is racist because it is 'running scared' accuses labour of 'sneering' at people who raised immigration issues .
jeremy mathieu heads home in the 73rd minute to hand barcelona a 1-0 lead against celta vigo . lionel messi, neymar and luis suarez are all on the scoresheet for the catalan giants . celta vigo keeper alvarez conde was unable to stop mathieu's header .
steven gerrard was poor throughout as aston villa beat liverpool at wembley . gerrard was deployed in a number of different roles by brendan rodgers . he was unable to shift the momentum of a liverpool performance that will rank as one of the great disappointments of the club’s recent years .
kiradech aphibarnrat won his second european tour title in shenzhen . thailand's teenager li hao-tong finished 12 under par . aphibarnrat had been six shots clear of the field after 16 holes .
george bailey will play the second half of the natwest t20 blast for sussex . the australia batsman will also be available in the royal london cup . bailey will take over from sri lanka great mahela jayawardene .
nick woodman, 39, is set to be named the highest-paid ceo of 2014 . he won the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units . it won him the top spot on the annual bloomberg pay index . chenerie energy's ceo charif souki was valued at $281 million .
the caves are found near the mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of the regional capital of petropavlovsk-kamchatsky . local guide and photographer denis budkov trekked inside the dangerous caves to capture the colourful scenes . he said: 'the emerald colours of the ice were spectacular, and worth the risk of the lens getting damp'
patrick bamford scored in middlesbrough's 2-1 championship win over wolves on tuesday night . the 21-year-old has been loaned out to boro, derby and mk dons . chelsea are in talks with his parent club over a new deal for the striker . bamford is one of 26 players out on loan from stamford bridge .
michelle obama strutted her stuff on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday night . in a segment called the evolution of mom dancing part 2, the pair showed off some self-made maneuvers to a cover of i like the way you move . it was a follow-up to a similar routine they did in 2013, in an attempt to inspire parents to get out and get moving with their kids .
20 years ago, a truck bomb in oklahoma city killed 168 people, injured hundreds more . julian zelizer: the bombing exposed the true danger of the extreme right .
the city of miami police department confirmed that dr brandt's death on sunday was a suicide by hanging . joy behar tweeted on monday: 'dr brandt was one of the sweetest, nicest, most generous people i have had the good fortune to meet & work with. he will be sorely missed' . miami herald columnist, lesley abravanel had said brandt, 65, had been 'devastated' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the netflix
a waitress complained about new zealand prime minister john key pulling her ponytail at a cafe . graham mccready, an accountant, filed a sexual harassment complaint against key . key publicly apologized to the waitress after she complained in a blog post .
video shows two of the jets approaching raf lossiemouth in moray, scotland . first of the aircraft blasted them with thrust from its engines . as second jet disappeared from view, video camera was knocked sideways .
george and amal clooney have submitted plans to their council for a 12-seater home cinema . industry experts say cinemas are now an 'expected' luxury in £10million properties . the couple's £10m grade-ii listed berkshire mansion will undergo renovations .
hadas from eritrea, africa, had 'the cut' when she was just a few months old . eritrea, where female genital mutilation (fgm) is widely practiced, has a strong culture of the barbaric practice . girls are mutilated by someone with no medical training, often using a knife, pair of scissors, scalpel or razor blade .
liverpool beat blackburn rovers 1-0 in their fa cup sixth round replay . philippe coutinho broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes . simon eastwood denied brazilian in stoppage time .
more than two-thirds (69%) of people taking antidepressants did not meet the criteria for major depressive disorder . antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric disorders . but 38 per cent of those taking the drugs did not meet the criteria for obsessive compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social phobia or generalised anxiety disorder either .
dick advocaat has concerns over the strength of his sunderland players . the black cats are three points above the relegation zone . sunderland were beaten 4-1 by crystal palace on saturday .
jake castner went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to a string of thefts . the 19-year-old joked about the 'nightmare' title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences . on sunday, on his fourth day on the run jake castner said 'we don't talk to police!' .
madelyn yensen, 94, of salt lake city, died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30pm . just after her mother died, carol bradford went to see her 95-year-old father at a care center and told him the news . shortly after her visit on april 7, bradford's father died of heart failure . the two married on october 17, 1940, only a month after they met when he took a dance lesson from her at a local studio .
wigry national park, in the north-east of the country, is the furthest outreach of the masurian lakes . the area is unspoiled, but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoorsy pursuits . the hotel rents mountain bikes and nordic walking poles, and you could cycle or hike for days around the well-marked trails .
the civic concept car was unveiled at the new york international motor show . it came just a day after it was announced that swindon in wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door civic .
andros townsend came off the bench to score in england's 1-1 draw with italy . paul merson said he was wrong to criticise the england call-up for the winger . merson said townsend and kyle walker were the worst two players on the pitch .
a qantas jet bound for perth has been forced to return to sydney airport after a safety light turned on mid-air . the airbus a330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm . an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors .
the stars of married at first sight embark on their honeymoons on tonight's episode of the fyi series . but all three of the couples quickly find themselves experiencing some serious trouble in puerto rico . jaclyn methuen, who nearly left husband ryan ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive, continues to put her new husband in the 'friend zone'
isobel attwood, 16, left her home in winchester, hampshire, on saturday . she is white, 5ft 4ins tall, of a 'small build' and has brown hair with extensions . friends say she is in southampton with a man in his 20s .
volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest china to the u.s. next month . it will be the first time chinese-built passenger cars will roll into american showrooms .
medical experts say festival-goers are at risk of picking up illnesses like the flu, norovirus, salmonella, and even hepatitis a . at coachella, thousands of people are packed into tight spaces, which can cause gastrointestinal distress, as well as conditions like hepatitis a, influenza, and shigellosis .
'climate change can no longer be denied. it can’t be edited out,' he said this afternoon in a speech at everglades national park commemorating earth day . 'that’s why i’ve committed the united states to lead the world in combatting this threat,' he said . obama was accompanied by bill nye 'the science guy' on a day trip to south florida, on which he was accompanied by bill nye 'the science guy'
american bulldog winston has terrorised postmen in blackburn, lancashire . hayley sandiford, 30, has been told she must get rid of dog by end of april . she says royal mail are 'taunting' her and she is being 'taunted all the time' .
queen margrethe of denmark celebrated her 75th birthday today . she was joined for the appearance by crown prince frederik, 46 . his wife crown princess mary, 43, and their four children also appeared .
the st. regis abu dhabi signature suite is the highest suspended hotel room in the world . the 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator and offers breathtaking views of the arabian gulf . the spa offers a private steam room, sauna, jacuzzi, two treatment beds and an exercise room .
the uss theodore roosevelt and the uss normandy left the persian gulf on sunday and are steaming through the arabian sea and heading towards yemen . the vessels are believed to be joining other u.s. ships that are poised to intercept any iranian ships carrying arms . navy officials said there are about nine u.s. warships in the region, including cruisers and destroyers carrying teams that can board and search other vessels .
bristol rovers lost their place in the football league for the first time since 1920 . darrell clarke was distraught at the end of last season, but there could be tears of joy this time around . rovers face barnet in the conference title battle on saturday .
rudy guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence for murder in perugia, italy . his dna was found all over the bedroom where meredith kercher was found . knox and ex-boyfriend raffaele sollecito served four years for the murder . guede was convicted of being an accomplice to a murder 'committed in the company of others'
gemma, 34, has expanded her range for plus-size retailer evans . showcased the collection at the chain's flagship store in manchester . revealed she has been inspired by her customers to feel confident .
rosannah gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in december last year . a specialist at sydney's westmead children's hospital discovered the football-sized tumour growing around her vital organs and pressing against her spine . her aunt jessica searle said that rosannah's mother jamielee kept saying to the doctor that it wasn't scoliosis . she was admitted to hospital immediately, and began chemotherapy treatment on the tumour in the hope that it would shrink to a size
juventus secured a 0-0 draw against monaco at the stade louis ii on wednesday night . the italian side progressed 1-0 on aggregate to the champions league semi-finals . patrice evra believes juventus called upon quintessential italian traits .
daredevil nik wallenda says he'll walk untethered on top of a 400-foot observation wheel in orlando, florida, this month . wallenda said monday at a new york city news conference that the orlando eye will be moving when he attempts his feat april 29 . the orlando eye, part of a new entertainment complex, will offer views of central florida from inside 30 enclosed, air-conditioned glass capsules when it opens to the public on may 4 .
people with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (rbd) move around in their sleep and seem to 'act out' their dreams . half of people with rbd will develop parkinson's disease or another neurological disorder within a decade of being diagnosed . eventually, 81 to 90 per cent of patients with rbg with develop a neurodegenerative disorder .
tottenham beat newcastle 3-1 at st james' park on sunday . harry kane scored his 30th goal of the season for spurs . mauricio pochettino believes kane can improve further .
lz granderson: hormones are a major factor in presidential decisions . he says hillary clinton shouldn't be president because her hormones might make her irrational .
tracey taylor, 34, rammed her ex-fiance's porsche and his new girlfriend's bmw . she also scratched the paintwork with a key and smashed the windscreen . taylor had been struggling to come to terms with the breakdown of her 20 year relationship with the father of her two daughters, aged 12 and four, and a 15-year-old son .
cnn's nina dos santos meets isis fighters in ramadi, west of baghdad, iraq . isis has taken the east of the city, making it difficult for them to cross the euphrates . isis fighters have taken over ramadi, a town 68 miles (110km) west of baghdad .
mabbutt, 53, was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold back in 2013 . his diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb requiring emergency surgery to save the limb . he was treated at king's college hospital in south east london, undergoing an emergency five-hour operation . surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound .
a hudsonian godwit made a 4,000 mile detour from south america . the large shorebird was heading to its breeding grounds in canada and alaska . over the weekend, more than 1,000 bird watchers travelled to somerset .
hannah and alex came back to new zealand from the uk in 2009 . they couldn't afford a full-sized lot and decided to build a home on the back of an old flatbed truck . the couple built a two-bedroom, wood and steel home in nelson, new zealand in about a year and a half .
pro-democracy legislators have sworn to veto a beijing-backed election proposal . the proposal would give hong kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017 . the catch, of course, is that candidates would have to be approved by a mostly pro-china committee .
antonia kidman's ex-husband angus hawley has died in new york . david hawley has spoken of his shock at the death of his brother . mr hawley collapsed after 'returning from a swim' on saturday . he was a father to four children, lucia, 16, hamish, 14, james, 12, and sybella, eight .
documents requested include details relating to a contract with paul ceglia during an 18-month stretch beginning in 2003 . ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet . his father told a court they believe facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him .
the golden suit is making a special two month appearance at the elvis at the o2 exhibition from sunday . it is normally on display at graceland, the singer’s former home-turned-museum . it was made for the singer by hollywood tailor nudie cohn .
alexandra allen, 17, from utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria . the condition is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world . showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question . the symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure .
australian designer akira isogawa showed sequins at mercedes-benz fashion week in sydney on wednesday . models at bondi bather also showcased sequins on their faces .
footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the amber mountain national park on the northern edge of madagascar . it shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon . the video maker, who speaks french, declared it ‘bataille du chameleons’, or battle of the chameleons .
jesus salas aguayo, a former gun for hire, was arrested on friday . he is charged with multiple felonies including distribution of narcotics, homicide and arms trafficking . mexican authorities link over twenty deaths directly to the liquidator, including the 2009 murder of a state witness in el paso, a 2010 car-bombing which claimed the lives of two federal police officers and a 2012 massacre of fifteen people in a juarez city bar .
the sainsbury's app is currently in development and will be trialled in wandsworth later this year . as customers scan their household items, a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices . these prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale . the map appears on the app when the registered phone joins a store's wi-fi network . for additional items that the shopper doesn't have at home, they can use the app to scan barcodes while in the store .
david miscavige, the controversial leader of the church of scientology, allegedly had his 79-year-old father followed for 18 months . the church paid a father-son team of detectives $10,000 a week to track ron miscavige's every move, review his electronic correspondence and eavesdrop on his conversations . the claims come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive hbo documentary going clear, where former members of the church accused david miscavige and his associates of systemic harassment, abuse and blackmail .
steven finn has been watching footage of when he was on the top of his game . the middlesex batsman says he's regained his previous best form . finn was overlooked for the west indies tour, but has been working on his run-up since the world cup .
domanik green, 14, 'accessed teacher's laptop at florida school without permission' he 'used administrator's password to alter image to two men kissing' he was arrested on wednesday and detained at land o'lakes detention center . he was released into custody of his mother later the same day .
harvey weinsten and his designer wife georgina chapman turned up for the premiere of his new broadway play finding neverland on wednesday . the couple were joined by stars including helen mirren, bryan cranston, ansel elgort, darren criss, olivia wilde and christoph waltz . it has been almost a month since ambra battilana accused weinstein of groping her .
gary locke will be confirmed as kilmarnock's permanent manager on friday . locke was asked to take charge until the end of the current season . the 39-year-old has been given a three-year deal at kilmarnock .
fossils of two adults and a child found in french region of poitou-charentes . similar marks have been seen at other neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives .
pierre fulton was in the car with walter scott when officer michael slager pulled them over for a broken tail light . fulton and another officer watched in shock as slager chased scott into a park and shot him dead . fulton's attorney has released a statement saying he does not know why scott ran . warning: graphic content .
five customers reported having 'thermal incidents' in thailand . holden urged owners of the holden colorado- suv or ute- to have cars checked out immediately . latest safety issue makes holden the most recalled car brand in 2015 .
anti-racism protester jacob king had a face off with a neo-nazi at the reclaim australia rallies on the easter weekend . mr king, from melbourne, was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear . he said he was born and raised in a multicultural part of the victorian capital where he was exposed to racial tensions . mr king said he
mick schumacher made his pre-season test debut in formula 4 on wednesday . the 16-year-old accidentally drove through gravel by the side of the track . the protege was involved in a 100mph crash at the lausitzring speedway . he walked away from the accident uninjured after the incident unfolded . his father michael has won a record seven 91 races in formula 1 .
bodies of four alleged attackers paraded in front of a large crowd at primary school . it comes as survivor cynthia cheroitich, 19, was rescued after attack . she spent two days hiding in a wardrobe and drinking body lotion . kenyan troops searched the building after hearing sounds coming from a wardrobe .
'millions of tonnes' of discarded appliances are being dumped in west-africa . broken tvs, computers, microwaves and refrigerators illegally exported . they are dumped in landfills like agbogbloshie in ghana because it is cheaper than recycling them in their countries of origin, campaigners claim . 41 million tonnes of 'e-waste' worth £34billion were discarded globally in 2014, according to a report by united nations university .
steve davis will attempt to qualify for the betfred world championships . reanne evans faces ken doherty for a place at the crucible on thursday . dudley potter evans is the 10-time ladies' world champion .
paul armstrong, 26, jetted off to cyprus to start new job as it project manager . after spending spree returned with stun gun, baton and knuckle dusters in luggage . armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of firearm and two offensive weapons . he was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years, with £2,000 costs at newcastle crown court .
ultrahaptics' technology creates tactile three-dimensional shapes out of thin air, using ultrasound . virtual reality completely bypasses the sense of touch, allowing users to see the virtual world projected in front of their eyes .
lu xincai takes his mother to work on the back of his motorbike every day . he ties a sash around both of their waists to make sure she doesn't fall off . his mother suffers from alzheimer's and used to get lost when alone .
harvey weinsten was spotted looking relaxed and chipper outside his new york city townhouse on thursday . his wife georgina chapman has been sharing photos of herself working on her upcoming spring/summer 2016 bridal collection for her brand marchesa . the movie executive was accused of groping an italian model during a business meeting on tuesday .
heckler & koch g36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range . weapon also becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight or exposed to humidity . britain's police forces use short-barrelled version of weapon known as g36c .
remmie, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of rebellion . when the piercing became inflamed, remmie had to remove the bar . the resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar .
students at st peter's college in melbourne east were drinking from a bubbling dispensing recycled water for more than a year . although it is the highest quality of recycled water, the water that the students had been consuming is not considered acceptable for consumption . an investigation has been launched by the department of health and human services to assess the extent of the possible health impact on the students .
zbigniew huminski, 38, indicted for kidnapping, raping and murdering nine-year-old . he was on his way to england on wednesday when he struck in calais . but he did not offer a word of remorse as he was formally charged on friday . huminski has been banned from france for earlier offences .
easter triduum refers to the three days of easter that begin with good friday, proceed through holy saturday, end with easter sunday . jesus was never trying to erase judaism and found a new religion .
a north pacific gray whale completes the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded . the whale, named varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers)
2500 passengers are stranded on a carnival spirit cruise ship outside sydney harbour . they are riding a constant flow of smashing waves of more than nine metres . the ship has suffered damage in wild weather conditions off the nsw coast . the hand railing and pedestal lighting has been damaged . a cover over the satellite system has also been damaged and removed for safety reasons .
north korea accuses mexico of illegally holding one of its cargo ships . the ship, the mu du bong, ran aground off the coast of mexico in july .
resorts on bulgaria's black sea coast offer best value in terms of meal out . research into imaginary shopping basket shows total price of £37.39 . bulgaria's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of spain .
new zealand prime minister john key was forced to apologise to a waitress for touching her hair at work . the waitress, amanda bailey, 26, wrote a blog post shaming mr key . ms bailey said she 'expected more from him' and wanted 'the public to be aware' mr key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised .
ukip leader said he wanted to 'keep his mind as clear as possible' but he admitted he would break his drink ban at 6pm before the showdown . mr farage has been made the bookies favourite to come out on top .
sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harnessed by solar panels fitted to a roof . this energy can be used throughout the day, and any excess is stored for when the sun goes down . rather than selling this excess electricity back to the grid, homeowners can then use their stored supply for power . sonnenspeicher has an intelligent management system that automatically controls the charging and discharging current . it additionally has a sleep mode that ensures the storage system never runs low and will automatically go into standby when not in use .
sydney couple mike and sharon tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming . sharon trims her husband's eyebrows, waxes his nostrils and trims his pubic hair . mike waxes her underarms, legs, upper lip and chin, and can even perform a brazilian wax . sharon admits there's no limitations to their marriage .
john isner beat kei nishikori 6-4, 6-3 in the semi finals of the miami open . isner will next face either world no. 1 novak djokovic or david ferrer . andy murray will face tomas berdych in the other semi final .
manny pacquiao has directed and performed in a music video . the filipino boxer is singing about his country's poverty . pacquiao will fight floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 . click here for all the latest boxing news .
robert bates, a 73-year-old reserve deputy, says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot eric harris . he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the april 2 death and faces four years in prison if convicted . harris' family has questioned whether bates was adequately trained .
david cameron embarked on first proper walkabout of the election campaign . busker with ukulele sang: 'f*** off back to eton with all your eton chums' tory strategists had planned a low-key day while labour leader ed miliband launched his party manifesto in manchester .
martina navratilova and agnieszka radwanska have parted ways . navratilova won 18 grand slam singles titles as a player . radwanska is currently ranked no 9 in the world .
more than 700 asiatic black bears have been butchered in the past year . up to four bears are inexplicably killed in one day on some bear farms . owners are killing them to 'extract last ounce of blood' and selling body parts . paws, meat and gall bladders are sold for equivalent of £625 a bear . vietnamese government trying to crackdown on illegal bear bile farms .
the pair walked hand-in-hand as they left a restaurant in fulham . pippa, 31, wore a low-key tailored cream blazer and heart-print top .
lakenya hall, 35, of kenner, lousiana was arrested after driving six children to a fight where one was shot in the upper thigh . hall drove the children to a second location where a 14-year-old was shot in the upper thigh . hall remains in custody on six counts of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile and disturbing the peace . her two sons, ages 15 and 11, were arrested on charges of disturbing the peace by fighting .
family-of-six pictured riding on same motorbike in san miguel de tucuman . man held handlebars while three children straddled petrol tank in front of him . a girl and woman sat on the seat behind them, police say . comes just weeks after similar pictured riding through city of junin .
rene, robert and david discuss marijuana while smoking from a bong in a new video produced by youtube channel cut . the video was released on april 20, which is widely regarded by marijuana users as the national day to get high . recreational use of marijuana was legalized in the state of washington in july of last year .
laura everley, 36, had been suffering from bloating, back pain and constipation . she put the symptoms down to irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis . but when she saw a post on her facebook timeline, she realised it was cancer . tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and the disease had begun to spread . she underwent a hysterectomy to remove her womb and her ovaries . she is now undergoing chemotherapy and doctors are confident she can beat the disease .
cardiff city will have no supporters present at elland road on saturday . the welsh club sent back their fans' allocation of 500 tickets . leeds have not confirmed whether the decision was down to the club, council or police . cardiff welcomed 2,200 leeds fans to the cardiff city stadium in the reverse fixture back in november .
pregnancy has a 'rejuvenating effect' on women, say jerusalem researchers . for older women it could help them feel young again, it added . researchers studied effects of liver transplants on pregnant and non-pregnant mice using a high-tech mri scanner .
chelsea beat manchester city 3-1 in the fa youth cup final first leg . tammy abraham opened the scoring with an impressive right-footed shot . isaac buckley-ricketts equalised for the visitors with a low left-footed strike . chelsea striker abraham then scored his second goal of the game .
bruce davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician gary hinman and stuntman donald 'shorty' shea and sentenced to life in 1972 . davis, who once bragged of cutting shea's head off, claimed he has turned his life around in prison, earning a doctoral degree in philosophy . gov. jerry brown rejected that decision in august, saying factors in his favor were outweighed by the brutality of the killings and davis' lack of insight into the crimes .
master plan to be implemented between 2015 and 2019 . entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre . there will be three different routes through the site . certified guides and guards will be employed, and security cameras installed .
kardashian, sister khloe and cousins recently toured armenia on the 100th anniversary of the mass killings . april 24 is the 100th anniversary of the mass killings, which is marked on april 24 .
cnn's nina dos santos traveled to turkey from syria to italy in search of a better life . she met a syrian smuggler and agreed to pay him a fee of $6,500 . syrian smuggler told her: "be ready all day, every day for the next few days"
theia, a one-year-old bully breed mix, was hit by a car, clubbed in the head with a hammer and buried in a ditch in moses lake, washington . days later, she showed up sickly and covered in dirt at a nearby farm . she survived and was discovered with a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity . theia is scheduled to go into surgery in a few weeks after raising money through crowdfunding .
television personality and author bill nye 'the science guy' joined president barack obama today for an earth day excursion, riding aboard air force one with the president during his visit to the florida everglades . nye held court with press making the trip before boarding the airliner, telling them, i love the smell of jet fuel, according to an account provided to white house reporters . the white house said tuesday that nye, who has degrees in engineering but was made famous by his 90s era television show for
lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo could play for 'team south' against a similar 'north' dream team from the premier league, bundesliga and russia . the match would be inspired by the nba all-star game between the western and eastern conferences . the proposals raise the tantalising prospect of messi and neymar joining forces with real madrid stars ronaldo and gareth bale .
manchester united had four different scorers on sunday . angel di maria, juan mata, marcus rojo, chris smalling and marouane fellaini have proved their worth . louis van gaal doesn't care about names - he wants to give everyone a chance . james ward-prowse will be a star at old trafford .
iran's foreign minister: "an agreement and pressure do not go together. they are mutually exclusive" u.s. secretary of state john kerry: "we have made significant progress over the last few days, but it has been slow going" iran's foreign minister: "it's time for our negotiating partners to seize the moment and use this opportunity"
this happens when the sun-lit surface waters of the ocean become devoid of oxygen and are poisoned by hydrogen sulphide . life of the triassic met a choking end in a runaway greenhouse climate, heating the seas into warm stagnation . scientists fear that the planet today could suffer similar consequences caused by the amount of carbon dioxide being created through the burning of fossil fuels .
andrew mogni, 20, from glen ellyn, illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in italy when the incident happened in january . he was flown back to chicago via air ambulance on march 20, but he died on sunday . initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that mogni was robbed .
the great grey owl stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in ontario, canada, before launching its attack . its eyes never straying from its prey, it made a somewhat inelegant landing in the snow before scooping up the mouse . photographer marc latremouille captured this particular encounter during one of his photography workshops .
no one was injured in the shooting . police are still looking for suspects .
david silva was caught in the face by cheikhou kouyate's elbow on sunday . spain international required eight minutes of treatment on the field . the 29-year-old was carried off on a stretcher and taken to hospital . but tests revealed he had not suffered a fracture and he could return .
kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after his father's death in north korean capital pyongyang in 2011 . now that the country's official three-year mourning period for kim jong-il has concluded, he has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role . previous members retired and were married off to military generals when they hit their early 20s .
video was filmed at the orana wildlife park in new zealand . it shows the lions scaling the cage and eating meat through its bars . the park is the country's only open-range zoo .
andy mcilvaine, 33, was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from baltimore to maine in october to propose to his girlfriend kelley mulfinger . he sent a note to southwest ceo gary kelly thanking him for a $100 voucher . the airline gathered more than 100 passengers, crew members and staff with 500 roses, champagne and signs on wednesday .
patrick randall was 16 in may 1990 when he held a knife to gregory smart's throat as his friend billy flynn, shot him in the head . flynn was pamela smart's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request . now 41, randall won parole thursday at his first hearing - he won't be released until after june 4 .
police have released an image of a bearded young man they want to speak to in relation to a suspected arson attack on a melbourne catholic church . the church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased paedophile father kevin o'donnell . the dandenong fire was one of a string of suspected arson attacks on three melbourne catholic churches . police are treating the blaze as suspicious .
england women's under 19s beat northern ireland 9-1 in belfast . natasha flint bagged a hat-trick as the young lions came from goal down . england can only make it to this summer's finals in israel as best-placed runners up .
jerry grayson travelled 23,000 miles to find every helicopter he had flown . he was involved in rescuing sailors during the fastnet yacht rescue in 1979 . mr grayson found that one of the choppers had been turned into a glamping unit . the 59-year-old now designs aerial stunts for films .
joseph t. brennan jr. of norwell, massachusetts was arrested after police found two homes full of bomb-making materials . brennan, who called himself an 'idiot' after blowing up his car on saturday, was arraigned from his hospital bed on monday . brennan was found with 14 different bomb-making materials in his home and the condo of benjamin young in hingham .
after nine months of exploratory drilling, british companies found oil and gas . bonanza could be worth billions of pounds and add to fears of conflict . discovery comes amid worsening relations with buenos aires .
us youtube user elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens, exclaiming: ‘the big egg has another normal egg in it!’ . in the video, elman511 cracks the egg, which is double the size of a normal one, to find a standard-sized egg inside, along with yolk and white . ‘that’s the end of the nesting dolls of egg... an egg inside of an egg... crazy man,’ he said .
illinois gov. bruce rauner has proposed eliminating the state historic preservation agency that manages sites including lincoln's tomb . rauner has proposed rolling the agency into another department . lincoln's tomb was pilloried in this month's issue of national geographic magazine as having 'all the historical character of an office lobby' the hours and days the lincoln tomb is open have been reduced, and it's staffed with volunteers .
george groves will fight badou jack for the wbc world super-middleweight title . jack defeated anthony dirrell on points at the uic pavilion on friday . jack was the underdog for the bout with dirrell unbeaten in his previous 28 fights . click here for all the latest boxing news .
jordan almgren, 9, was stabbed in the neck and declared dead after his family drove him to brentwood's john muir hospital . deputies put out an alert for william schultz after they said he got away in a truck outside the home . the day before the stabbing, deputies had also been called to the home on saturday on a request for a psychological evaluation of schultz .
koby hodder, 10, collapsed while playing british bulldog in the school playground . he suffered a cardiac arrest where the electrical activity of the heart stops pumping and quivers or ‘fibrillates’ instead of pumping blood around his body . teachers at koby’s school in doncaster, were able to give koby cpr until paramedics arrived and saved his life .
tristan da cunha, a volcanic archipelago in the south atlantic ocean, is home to just under 270 people . the island is holding an international competition to improve its infrastructure and make it self-sustainable . the competition is open to architects and designers from the world over .
linda thompson had two sons with bruce jenner during their five-year marriage . "he can finally realize his need to be who he authentically is," she writes in the huffington post .
sam holtz, a 12-year-old sixth grader from lake zurich, illinois, beat out 11.5million entries to win the espn tournament challenge on monday . this as he selected duke to win the ncaa title game, which they did by overcoming the favorite wisconsin badgers 68 - 63 . for the $30,000 prize, sam would have to legally be an adult as contest rules state individuals must be at least 18-years-old to qualify .
king charles spaniel alfie, 12, had an mri scan after noticing a lump . owner lynne edwards noticed puss oozing from his back when he refused food . she took him to a vet, where staff clipped his fur and exposed burns . vets then discovered a pad used to keep him warm got too hot . took nearly a week for the vets to stop heating the pads in a microwave .
manchester united face chelsea in the premier league on saturday . jose mourinho claims it's easier to manage united than chelsea . mourinho has been forced to sell players to balance the books at chelsea .
sergio perez fears 'a very painful year' lies ahead if force india's roll out of their upgraded car this season proves a dud . the mexican was 10th in the season-opening race in australia and 13th in malaysia recently . perez was hounded by the equally troubled mclaren duo of fernando alonso and jenson button in the malaysia grand prix near the back of the grid .
angel di maria has been linked with a move away from manchester united . the 27-year-old has a new tattoo which stands out among others on his left arm . di maria has endured a mixed start to his united career on-and-off the pitch .
andreas lubitz, co-pilot on germanwings flight 9525, had psychiatric issues . john sutter: lubitz's illness didn't just appear out of thin air, it had to be apparent to others .
moya gerber and her sister rone odendaal stopped to photograph struggle . they spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a cape buffalo . after a few moments the buffalo managed to escape being eaten by lions . but it ran headlong into the side of ms odendaal's car in south africa .
steven nick, 33, and wife sarah, 32, are facing a combined total of 15 charges . police raided their home in davison township, michigan, in august last year . it is alleged that the couple gained access to mrs nick's mother's bank account and were writing blank cheques to themselves . they allegedly built up the huge arsenal, including a 50-caliber machine gun, a sniper rifle, and 17,000 rounds of ammunition .
chelsea and tottenham were held to a goalless draw at wheatsheaf park . both teams missed the chance to close the gap on manchester united . chelsea's luke mcgee and tammy abraham scored for tottenham .
exeter chiefs beat newcastle falcons 48-13 to reach european challenge cup semi-final . chiefs will face either newport gwent dragons or london irish winner . david ewers scored a penalty try and thomas waldrom added tries .
chance encounter between danny alexander and brooke magnanti was innocent . the two were snapped at bar one in inverness as part of the nip festival . comes as david cameron faced a growing revolt over his 'flat-footed' campaign .
the cessna 414 crashed near bloomington, illinois, shortly after midnight on tuesday . illinois state associate head basketball coach torrey ward and meat processing business owner scott bittner were among the dead . bittner was married with a ten-year-old son and a twelve-year-old daughter .
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board . downton made the big call to sack kevin pietersen and reappoint peter moores as england coach after the ashes whitewash . the jury is still out on all of downton's decisions .
rickie fowler's girlfriend alexis randock posted a photo on her instagram account of her and sister nicole on the beach last week . the photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' who was quick to judge and accused alexis of being a 'gold digger' fowler responded to the troll and said he 'might want to get your facts straight before you talk to my girl friend like that'
sim bhullar is set to become the league's first player of indian descent . the sacramento kings are expected to announce bhullar's deal on thursday . the 22-year-old centre will be on the roster on friday when the kings host the new orleans pelicans .
daredevil stan cole, an iraq and afghanistan veteran, captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in loraine, western texas . he took the footage with his friend ricky bailey while the two were out in a tractor on wednesday evening .
brendan rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four . liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal at anfield on saturday afternoon . rodgers knows he must work harder to sell anfield as a destination for ambitious players without the lure of a champions league campaign .
diego costa has not played for chelsea since april 4 against stoke city . spain striker is not in a condition to play at the emirates stadium . jose mourinho admits loic remy is not ready to return from injury . didier drogba is chelsea's only fit senior striker .
juan mata scored twice as manchester united beat liverpool 2-1 . wayne rooney feels united are on course to qualify for the champions league . louis van gaal's side sit fourth in the premier league table .
the new collagen-laced brew, created by japanese liquor company suntory, boasts a five per cent alcohol content level . it claims to have two grams of collagen per can . the beer is currently on available in japan’s northern island of hokkaido .
wojciech szczesny hasn't played a premier league game since january . david ospina boasts the highest win ratio of any premier league player to make more than 10 appearances . arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday .
jesse roepcke, 27, from summerfield, florida, was arrested sunday on charges of pointing a laser at passing cars and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia . while in jail, police discovered that the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside . roepcke was also charged with possession of marijuana and smuggling contraband into prison .
a&e networks are remaking "roots," the miniseries about an african-american slave and his descendants . levar burton, who portrayed kunta kinte in the original, will co-executive produce the new version .
cnn's kat kinsman was a lifelong catholic until pope francis . kinsman: there is something about francis that's reawakened my faith .
marie surprenant, from atlanta, georgia, was eight-months-old when she was admitted to the children’s healthcare of atlanta with more than 14 fractures, bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic . after her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested, marie was placed into foster care and later adopted by michele surprenant . she wrote an open letter to her social workers and detectives thanking them for investigating her case and placing her in a happy home .
yannick bolasie scored a hat-trick as crystal palace beat sunderland . the eagles now have 25 points from a possible 36 under bolasie . bolasie scored a hat-trick in just over 10 minutes at the stadium of light .
dr rory lyons was suspended by the medical practitioners tribunal service . his surgery was raided following four deaths 'of concern' in january . cousins karen and colin cosheril were patients of dr lyons . islanders claim death from pneumonia prompted investigation .
chelsea face qpr in the premier league on sunday . eden hazard is set to make his 100th appearance for the blues . hazard has scored 17 goals and made nine assists this season .
the keshwa chaca spans the apurimac river near huinchiri, peru, in the province of canas . the 90ft long rope bridge is the last of the inca rope bridges . local villagers rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques as their ancestors .
obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since harry s. truman, who left office 62 years ago . he will hold at least two more this year: for the leaders of japan, on april 28, and china, later in the year . the state department pays the entire tab, which averaged about $500,000 each for obama's seven dinners .
bankruptcy rates remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid . former players go broke at about 1.1percent per year, the same rate as the rest of americans . this, despite the fact that the average player makes $3.2million over the course of a career .
andreas christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life after acid attack . corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in truro, cornwall . nicole phillips, 45, has been charged with perverting the course of justice . her husband david phillips, 48, had already been charged with gbh with intent .
france recently passed a law that bars models from walking the runway if their body mass index is deemed too low . the pressure is on for agencies who can face a fine of up to $80,000 and six months in prison for employing too-thin models . former model jennifer sky, 38, from brooklyn, new york, has revealed that thin models are now wearing weighted spanx underwear to cheat the new bmi standards .
michael carrick has been overlooked by england since joining manchester united in 2006 . carrick has a 100 per cent record with england at the world cup . he's only ever played in one game at the tournament, and england won it 1-0 against ecuador in the round of 16 in 2006 . he's been dropped for the next game, the quarter-final against portugal, and england went out . he's a world cup invincible, but england have
"mad men," "american odyssey," "louie" and "the comedians" all signs point to louie still dating his best friend-turned-girlfriend, pamela? will louie continue to offend people in his life?
everton beat burnley 1-0 at goodison park on saturday . ross barkley missed a penalty in the 10th minute . leighton baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts .
al-shabaab vows "another bloodbath" in kenya . cynthia cheroitich survived the carnage at garissa university college . 147 people were killed in the attack .
pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in just four months . 12 cases resulted in the pilots requesting a priority landing . on two flights the pilots made an emergency mayday call .
muslim brotherhood leader mohamed badie is sentenced to death by hanging . he and 13 others face charges of plotting terrorist attacks against state facilities . they were arrested in a sweeping crackdown on supporters of former president mohamed morsy .
petr cech posted a youtube cover of 'magnificent' by u2 on tuesday . the chelsea goalkeeper has fallen behind belgian shot-stopper thibaut courtois . arsenal and liverpool have been linked with a move for the 32-year-old .
harry kane scored his 30th goal of the season for tottenham on sunday . kane is also nominated for the pfa player of the year award . christian eriksen, eden hazard and morgan schneiderlin also feature .
japanese women tie a blue ribbon under their breasts and over their arms . the idea is inspired by anime character hestia from is it wrong to pick up girls in a dungeon . the ribbon is tied under the breasts and over the arms so that they are uplifted every time the arms are raised .
terry mccarty, 29, suffered third-degree burns to 70 per cent of his body . he endured 58 operations and cruel taunts from bullies who called him freddy krueger because of the scars on his face, body and arms . but he refused to let 'fear take over my life' and became a firefighter .
corinne gump, 10, and her grandparents, judy and bill schmidt, were killed in a massive house fire in youngstown, ohio on monday . robert seman, 46, was set to go on trial for allegedly sexually abusing the girl over several years . police found corinne's mother, lynn schmidt, at seman's home after the girl's bodies were found . schmidt moved in with her parents, judy and bill schmidt, but she eventually
a kidnapping in south carolina was thwarted because the would-be abductor couldn't operate a manual stick shift in the victim's car, police said . 27-year-old demetri nelson still had his victim's keys in his pocket when he was arrested tuesday, several hours after the kidnapping attempt . deputies said nelson broke into a 53-year-old woman's home and demanded money .
diego simeone is hoping to lead atletico madrid to a second successive champions league final . simeone has exacted his revenge on real madrid since the 1998 world cup . the former england midfielder has played 106 times for his country .
mother bear was seen huffing and looking 'defensive' on thursday after residents started taking pictures of the predators . eventually climbed a tree to flee, but are still likely to cause trouble in the area . local council has suggested buying bear-proof garbage cans in a bid to stop more bears moving in on the area .
tottenham are planning a new transfer policy that centres on resale value . spurs sold gareth bale to real madrid in 2013 for a world-record £85 million . the club allowed dimitar berbatov and michael carrick to join manchester united . the only time tottenham demonstrated champions league potential was when chairman daniel levy resisted the likes of chelsea over luka modric .
andrea dossena was arrested at harrods in knightsbridge on april 7 . the liverpool defender will face no further action after being accused of shoplifting . the 33-year-old and a 31-year-old woman were released after being interviewed .
james bowen has sold more than four million copies of a street cat named bob . he has also churned out multiple spin offs – earning £500,000 in three years . but the 36-year-old continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit . since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out £15,500 for bowen to live in his housing association flat in haringey, north london .
atletico madrid are confident in the people that run the club and their ability to find adequate replacements . sergio aguero was a star at atletico before being replaced by radamel falcao . diego costa was sold to chelsea but was replaced by mario mandzukic . jorge mendes has worked closely with atletico madrid and its managing director miguel angel gil marin .
greece’s prime minister alexis tsipras will meet vladimir putin in moscow . comes amid reports kremlin will offer controversial loans on supplies of gas . mr tsipras condemned west’s economic sanctions on moscow as ‘a road to nowhere’ .
the photography competition was designed to illustrate the northern territory's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes . locals describe the competition as a chance to showcase the best the bush has to offer . marie muldoon won this years competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse, titled true love .
police have identified 25 people who claim janner attacked them . each could claim for £100,000 after cps dropped prosecution against him . one man has already instructed lawyers to sue him and leicestershire council .
chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3-2 in the uefa youth league on monday . jay dasilva was part of the team that won the tournament in nyon . ian wright has praised dasilva, saying he is better than any current left-back .
harriet harman went to st paul's school for boys in the 1960s . a place for a pupil boarding costs now £10,800-a-year . ms harman has repeatedly accused the tories of being 'out of touch'
dashcam footage, shared by dailymotion.com user vidsking, shows a giant st. bernard running across a road somewhere in the czech republic with a child trailing behind .
facetune is a £2.99 photo editing app designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into 'perfection' not only can you remove spots, improve skin texture and enhance eyes, but you can also fix grey hair, reshape your face and fill in bald patches . you can also whiten teeth, remove wrinkles and elongate or shorten a face entirely before sharing the retouched photos to facebook, instagram, twitter, flickr or tumblr .
survation poll shows tories ahead of labour ahead of nigel farage's ukip . fear of nicola sturgeon pushing labour towards farage in england . tories on 33 points, labour on 30, ukip 18 and lib dems 9 in third poll in a row .
a surgical unit at st mary's hospital, london, has been closed for a week . eight patients were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae, or cpe . the bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in the bloodstream and urine . if all goes to plan, the duchess of cambridge hopes to have her baby at the private lindo wing of the hospital, where prince george was born in 2013 .
the duke and duchess of cambridge are turning their new country bolt hole, anmer hall, into a secluded fortress home . anmer is set to become their principal residence over the next few years as william focuses on family and his new flying career . kate will be taking a longer maternity leave this time round and plans to scale back his black-tie charity commitments .
current fbi director james comey and vermont senator patrick leahy spoke about the crash for the first time last week . they say freeh, 64, severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it weren't for the quick response from paramedics and an fbi agent on the scene . while freeh told police that he has no memory of the crash, it's believed that he fell asleep behind the wheel while going about 60 to 65 mph .
ally lees, of alfie bird's restaurant in birmingham, created the dish . it contains 12,000 calories and was made using 150 fresh eggs . dish contains 945g of protein - 16 times the recommended daily intake for a man .
rita, 24, is a best-selling singer, actress and beauty buff . has collaborated with adidas originals for new range . femail caught up with star to find out her influences and plans .
a 14-year-old boy from blackburn, lancashire was arrested on april 2 . he allegedly communicated with an australian man over a planned attack . british authorities tipped off australian authorities who swooped on the suspects . five men from melbourne were arrested over the weekend over the plot . it is claimed they planned to use knives and swords to hack officers to death .
bath face newcastle united at kingston park on friday night . sam burgess has featured mainly at centre since joining from union . burgess was called into england's rbs 6 nations squad .
william smith, 14, hanged himself five months after mother alison overton died . he wanted to remind himself of her following her death from leukaemia . the teenager wore her bandana and sprayed her perfume around the house . he had 'settled back in well' at school following her death, inquest heard . for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details .
tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds . they are said to tighten sagging skin, eradicate dark circles and lessen wrinkles . some say it's the non-jab equivalent of botox .
korea's buddae-jjigae -- or "army stew" as it's often called -- dates back to the korean war . it features canned, precooked meat, most notably spam in all its glazed and gelatinous glory .
marco evaristti poured food dye into the strokkur geysir in iceland . when they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result . he was jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts . evaristti defended his artwork, saying 'nature belongs to no one' .
kim jong-un 'scaled the 9,000ft high mount paektu before sunrise' state media claims he told troops at its peak that the climb was like 'nuclear weapons' .
representative jesse young wants to use two or three carriers to link bremerton and port orchard across the sinclair inlet . the us navy is storing three retired carriers just a few hundred yards from the proposed site of the bridge . the two carriers young was thinking would work for the project are housed in the puget sound navy yard .
david cameron admits boris johnson is aiming to be next tory leader . admits johnson has realised he is no longer in 'competition' with the pm . london mayor now understood the pair were no longer in 'competition' cameron said he would stand down as pm before 2020 if he wins re-election .
chelsea are in talks with belgian side royal mouscron-peruwelz . the blues are looking at alternatives to vitesse arnhem . mouscron are 13th in the belgian league .
alberto bueno has scored 17 goals for rayo vallecano this season . the 27-year-old is the highest-scoring spanish-national in la liga . bueno played for derby on loan five years ago but looked like champions league material . rayo vallecano are coached by spaniard julen lopetegui .
the map was created by looking at the official twitter accounts for each team, using their followers as an indicator of allegiance . in the uk fans can go as in-depth as seeing the three most popular teams in their local constituency . liverpool dominate the uk market while manchester united dominate the rest of the world .
leroy j. toppins went missing about 6pm friday while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in washington court house, ohio . more than 100 locals joined a search that lasted all day saturday . at 7pm friday, the boy's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry, a short distance from where he was last seen . the quarry had been abandoned for several years .
cheryl rios, who runs the company go ape marketing, posted her views on her facebook page on sunday after hillary clinton announced that she was going to run for president . rios' comments sparked criticism on social media with people calling rios a misogynist and a hypocrite .
jose alberto, 58, was found dead next to a scarecrow in san jose de balcare . prosecutors believe he died while having sex with the scarecrow . the shepherd was found next to the scarecrow lying next to him .
the fbi confirmed it found images of a 'pre-pubescent blonde girl' that appear to show her being sexually abused . one picture, which does not show any abuse taking place, features the unidentified man posing with her . the dark-haired man, believed to be between the ages of 30 and 45, is not suspected of carrying out abuse . he is being sought as part of the fbi’s operation rescue me and endangered child alert program (ecap) initiatives which aim to find abuse victims .
alan turing wrote the notes at bletchley park, in buckinghamshire, in 1942 . he is best known for cracking the code used by the germans in enigma . the 56-page document is believed to be the only extensive turing manuscript . it was sold for $1,025,000 (£698,000) in a fine books & manuscripts sale . benedict cumberbatch, who played turing in the imitation game, said: 'the thought of holding a manuscript by him is thrilling'
aaron hernandez, 25, was convicted on april 15 of killing 27-year-old odin lloyd in 2013 . lloyd was dating the sister of hernandez's fiancee . hernandez spent his first week at cedar junction prison in walpole . he was moved on wednesday to the maximum-security souza-baranowski correctional center in shirley, massachusetts .
mark clattenburg will take charge of paris saint-germain vs barcelona . he will be assisted by assistants simon beck, jake collin, anthony taylor, andre marriner and fourth official stuart burt . clattenburg has handed out 148 yellow and four red cards in 38 games .
australian designers we are handsome will debut their first active swim range on tuesday night in sydney . the models will include sjana earp, kate kendall, amanda bisk, juliet burnett, and lindy klim . 'strong really is the new sexy,' says designer katinka somers .
sergey bubka is battling sebastian coe for the top job at athletics' world governing body . the sport has been rocked by allegations that doping and cover-ups are rife in russian athletics . bubka launched his manifesto entitled 'taking athletics to new heights' in an internet broadcast .
recipes for treating a 'drunken headache' found on papyrus in oxyrhynchus, egypt . recommends stringing leaves of alexandrian chamaedaphne together . but it is not known if the treatment had any effect .
liverpool are watching monaco midfielder geoffrey kondogbia . kondogbia was one of the most coveted players in europe prior to his move . real madrid, manchester united, juventus and paris st germain were all keen . liverpool remain in the frame for danny ings and james milner .
kim, 34, was photographed dining at non-kosher restaurant in jerusalem . she was joined by husband kanye west, 37, and jerusalem's mayor, nir barkat . mr barkat posted a photo of the couple on his twitter account on monday . but the next day, only kanye and mr barkat were pictured in the photo . in another photo, kim was obscured by a copy of the $692 bill .
marianne power attended robbins' unleash the power within seminar . it claims to ‘discover how to identify what it is you really want’ . marianne has set herself a bizarre challenge to live by the rules of a different self-help guru each month .
japan's air self defense force has never encountered an unidentified flying object from space . defense minister gen nakatani responded to a question from flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker antonio inoki . inoki has appeared in the u.s.-based wwe and is the founder of the new japan pro wrestling organization .
leicester city host swansea in the premier league on saturday . foxes boss nigel pearson has taken advice from howard wilkinson . pearson has come under the spotlight this season after a foul-mouthed spat with a fan and a bizarre touchline altercation with crystal palace's james mcarthur .
amelia morton, 23, from birmingham, weighed 12-and-a-half stone . she was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father 'boys don't fancy fat girls' spent almost £1,000 on food in her first term alone . by her third year of university, despite trying weight watchers, slim fast and body by vi diets, amelia had failed to fight the flab .
sarina aziz, one, became agitated after being strapped in connector belt . she was asked to sit on her parents' laps on flight from israel to luton . ariella and mark aziz, from north london, spoke to airline staff outside the plane . mr aziz claims another steward marched over to him 'very aggressively'
prince harry will tonight fly out of the uk to australia without seeing his new niece or nephew . the duchess of cambridge is now overdue for the birth of her second child . harry will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by the new arrival .
instinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a threat . it could mean that arachnophobia represents a finely tuned survival instinct . it could date back to early human evolution in africa, where spiders with very strong venom existed millions of years ago .
thousands of dead fish found floating in lake in huizhou city, guangdong province . workers had rushed to clear the lake, using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out . others were sent to spread 2.5 tons of edible salt to try and restore the chemical imbalance of the lake .
pastor creflo dollar responded to critics of his campaign to buy a gulfstream g650 . in a youtube video, dollar tackles his critics and allegations about tithes and his real name .
juan cuadrado has played just over three hours of top-flight football . wilfried bony has netted only one goal as manchester city have slipped out of the premier league title race . swansea striker bony has scored just one goal this season .
quiana jeffries is floyd mayweather jnr's personal chef . jeffries is responsible for fuelling mayweather ahead of his fight with manny pacquiao . the boxer insists on eating organic food, although there are exceptions .
indonesia's executions raise questions about the powers we give to states, says julian zelizer . state officials can order people to be killed because we authorize them to do so, he says .
isis jihadists are filmed smashing ancient shrines and statues in hatra . militants are also filmed chipping away at the bases of some larger sculptures . they also crack boulders into ancient city pillars while music plays . seven minute clip was posted to a militant website frequently used by militants .
yeovil town drew 1-1 with notts county at huish park on thursday . paul sturrock joined league one basement side yeovil on thursday . the 58-year-old has been promoted five times as a manager .
smoked poured over westhampton beach on wednesday at 3pm as a fire spread through 90 condos . it is not known what started the blaze, which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings . twelve fire crews were deployed in a bid to control the flames but could not get inside any of the summer homes .
peter barnett, 43, travelled from oxfordshire home to london marylebone . he pretended to have only gone from wembley, north west london . barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation .
jamie, 13, reuben, 13, and finley, 10, were selected from among 5,700 hopefuls . they had to solve a series of clues to establish the location of the 'spy school' the winning trio even got to attend a meeting with mi5 director general andrew parker . codenamed project petra, the initiative was the first time cameras were allowed to film inside the mi5 building .
roger, an alpha male at the alice springs kangaroo sanctuary in the northern territory, was gifted his new friend by a fan . sanctuary manager chris barnes said the kangaroo became attached to the bunny but soon tired of it . mr barnes attempted to take the bunny off roger but was met with hostility .
zac efron has officially left the weedy teenager of high school musical behind to become a bona-fide buff babe . he was pictured on the set of his new film, bad grandpa, on tuesday . ryan gosling and justin timberlake are the only child stars to have blossomed as adults .
jason lee, 38, a former managing director at goldman sachs, was arrested in august 2013 . the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom at the home he had rented with his wife in east hampton . lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail . he has opted for a non-jury trial before suffolk county court judge barbara kahn .
bulldog puppy named hazel tries to get the better of a washing basket . the basket falls onto its side and sends hazel sprawling onto the floor . the puppy chews the basket while looking up at the video maker . hazel is featured in a number of videos uploaded to youtube and instagram .
the 75-year-old man was playing golf on monday at the palmer sea reef golf course in port douglas in far north queensland . he believes he accidentally stood on the saltwater crocodile while looking from his golf ball . the man drove himself back to the clubhouse in a buggy after the reptile 'nipped' him . he received a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf . crocodile has been removed from all palmer properties .
the great dying, which struck the earth 252 million years ago, wiped out more than 96% of the world's creatures . and while volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event, the majority of species were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic . university of edinburgh researchers claim the volcanic eruptions released huge amounts of carbon dioxide which were absorbed into the oceans . this changed their chemical compositions and killed species .
sarah stage, a 30-year-old underwear model from los angeles, has documented her changing figure via her instagram page throughout her pregnancy . the mother-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her being tiny and toned throughout her pregnancy . the model, who is of european and costa rican descent, took to instagram on monday to share a photo of growing belly during her ninth month of pregnancy .
bafetimbi gomis suffered a hamstring injury during swansea's 1-1 draw with everton earlier this month . gomis has been able to spend time with his family in lyon in france . the swansea striker is hoping to be back playing as soon as possible .
sue townsend achieved huge success with the secret diary of adrian mole, aged 133 ⁇ 4, when it was published in 1982 . the book was followed by seven sequels, selling in total more than eight million copies . she left the bulk of her estate in trust, with her second husband colin broadway and her four children named as beneficiaries . she also left £10,000 to freedom from torture, legacies of £10,000 each to her two sisters, and £1,000 each to 14 cousins, nieces, nephews, aunts and an uncle .
carlos colina, 32, will be arraigned on murder charges on april 14 . the remains of jonathan camilien, 26, were found in a duffel bag on saturday .
sour cherries contain high levels of antioxidants and as a result are anti-inflammatory, can help a person sleep and can improve recovery after a sports injury . avocados are a great source of healthy, mono-saturated fats, which have been known to help lower bad cholesterol . cranberries have been used for years as an aid against urinary tract infections .
ronny deila will ask manchester city to extend jason denayer's loan deal . but hearts captain danny wilson is also a defensive target for celtic . defender denayer made his full belgium debut against israel on tuesday .
vicky pryce, 62, has been speaking about life post-prison and raising her children . the greek-born economist spent two months at her majesty's pleasure . she was convicted of perverting the course of justice for taking huhne's fines . pryce has written a book about life in women's prisons .
saturday night live cast member cecily strong hosted the white house correspondents dinner on saturday . strong poked fun at barack obama and hillary clinton at the annual event dubbed the 'nerd prom' she also poked fun at police brutality and said obama's graying hair 'is so white now it can talk back to the police'
lyon moved back to the top of ligue 1 for 24 hours at least after claiming a comfortable 3-1 victory at guingamp . nabil fekir's goal and alexandre lacazette's penalty in the first half put les gones in control . it was lyon's first win in three and moved them back above paris st germain who play on sunday .
"purge" is a reference to 2013's "the purge" and its sequel, last year's "the purge: anarchy" the government markets the sanctioned mayhem as a catharsis that reduces crime .
danny ings is set to leave liverpool when his contract expires next season . mario balotelli and rickie lambert are also in the frame for ings . james milner looks set to leave manchester city at the end of the season . petr cech is likely to leave chelsea before next season .
lauren york, 15, was found safe and sound in north ridgeville, ohio, monday afternoon . her parents believe she left home around 4am sunday with a backpack full of clothes and her cellphone . york was talking on online chat rooms and made several calls early sunday morning .
steve smith, 52, opened his first poundland shop in burton-upon-trent at 18 in 1990 . he sold the business 10 years later for a staggering £50million . mr smith now lives in a £6.5million shropshire mansion with his wife tracy . he said: 'on a day-to-day basis my wife gives me about £10 or £20 a day'
jonathan trott left the 2013/14 ashes trip after just one match at the gabba . test captain alastair cook was concerned that would be the end of his three lions days but has watched the 33-year-old rebuild his career . the pair are heavy favourites to open the batting together in west indies .
thomas jordan driver, 25, david elliot moran, 47, and charles thomas newcomb, 42, each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder . the kkk men believed the prisoner was infected with hiv and hepatitis and he bit one of them during a fight, officials said . the supposed hit man was an fbi criminal informant who recorded those scenes and others over the past year .
dilkhayot kasimov is added to a superseding indictment against three previously arrested men . the men were charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization .
sarah theeboom from new york city hasn't washed her hair in six years . she was inspired after a friend told her that giving up shampoo was the secret to gorgeous locks .
manchester city sporting director txiki begiristain checked on porto pair yacine brahimi and alex sandro on tuesday night . begiristain is also keen admirers of wolfsburg midfielder kevin de bruyne . city are currently fourth in the premier league table .
the queen was joined by the duke of edinburgh at sheffield cathedral . she gave out 'alms' to 89 women and 89 men, among them d-day veteran, denis gratton .
destiny cooke, 16, and lajahia cooke, 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved by a crowd of people, including grown adults and parents, in a new jersey park . people can be heard laughing throughout the video and chanting 'they gettin' busy!' or 'let her get her!' and destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair .
western australian premier colin barnett has sparked outrage after saying 'some good' has come out of the year-long search for missing malaysia airlines plane . search parties have not been successful in recovering mh370 since it disappeared on march 8 last year . this comes as the wife of an australian passenger on mh370 spoke of her heartache, revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father hasn't come home . volcanoes have been discovered as well as fresh water lakes and waterfalls .
queen letizia attended science museum, cosmocaixa, in barcelona . the 42-year-old wore a striking white trouser suit with blush-coloured silk top . mum-of-two was attending the opening of second congress for rare childhood diseases .
cleveland cavaliers beat miami heat 114-88 in the american airlines arena . lebron james and kyrie irving scored 23 points each for the cavaliers . james passed patrick ewing into 20th place on the nba's all-time scoring list . golden state warriors beat phoenix 107-106 with harrison barnes scoring .
adam lyth is one of six yorkshire players in the england squad that left heathrow on thursday for three tests in the caribbean . lyth is competing with jonathan trott to be alastair cook’s opening partner at the first test in antigua on april 13 . lyth finished with 1,489 runs — more than anyone in the country — six hundreds and a welter of awards .
carlos tevez has said he wants to leave juventus this summer . the striker has always said he wants to finish his career at boca juniors . tevez's international manager tata martino claims any move would have no bearing on the player's argentina future .
dr. anthony moschetto pleads not guilty to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, prescription sale and weapons charges . he was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport .
aidan coleman rides the druids nephew at aintree on saturday . the eight-year-old is a 12-1 shot for the £1million steeplechase . coleman's two latest rides in the race have seen him unseated from a hampered the rainbow hunter .
the israel defense forces carried out airstrikes in the occupied golan heights . four militants crossed into the area from syria .
'i feel very blessed the skate didn't hit my eye,' drew miller said at practice on wednesday . 'very lucky' skating with a full face mask during practice, the detroit forward openly bore a gruesome red wound that required 50 to 60 stitches to close along multiple layers of skin . miller was left with a gash across both sides of his eyelid and bruising below his right eye .
arnold quintero, 21, from san antonio, texas faces a string of charges . the girl was interviewed by the bexar county sheriff’s office criminal investigations division last month . she said she had been held in a 'trap' house between january 21 and february 8 and was punched in the face, resulting in black eyes and a bleeding nose . she told police a lighter was held to the side of her face, burning her .
new broadcasting house in central london covers half a million square feet . took a decade to build and was opened by the queen in 2013 – four years behind schedule and at least £55 million over budget . one of the running jokes in w1a is that its fictional meeting rooms are named after popular entertainers . bbc has admitted it 'occasionally' runs out of meeting rooms .
unison member jane smith likened long shifts to 'slave labour' she said fatigue has a 'detrimental effect' on patient care and other staff . ms smith said one nurse had worked 11 consecutive long day shifts .
chelsea captain john terry has made an appearance in all 33 premier league games for his side so far this season . terry made just 14 premier league appearances under rafa benitez in 2013 . chelsea face leicester, crystal palace, liverpool, west brom and sunderland .
a united airlines regional jet carried mrs. clinton back to the east coast on thursday from the omaha, nebraska airport . her flight was bound for newark, new jersey, the major airport most convenient to her chappaqua, new york home . clinton had just finished a three-day campaign swing in council bluffs, iowa .
apple watch will go on sale on 24th april 2015 . pre-orders will be made online starting at 12:01 a.m. pdt friday (3:01 a.m. edt) customers in australia, canada, china, france, germany, hong kong, japan, the uk and the us can try on the watch at their local apple store or at galeries lafayette in paris, isetan in tokyo, selfridges in london .
vincent duport ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury . the france international suffered a ruptured tendon in the dragons' defeat at hull fc on march 20 which requires surgery . head coach laurent frayssinous describes the news as a 'disappointing blow'
luis andres cuyun, 30, was the director of a jail for juvenile gang members in guatemala city . he was riding in a pickup truck when two suspected mara salvatrucha gang members opened fire on him and his driver . a salvadoran man arrested for alleged involvement later told authorities that he had come to the country specifically to kill cuyun . juan carlos medina luna, 29, and mario alfonso aguilar, 18, were arrested after a short police chase .
sisters iman and siham have released their debut album, faarrow, in la . they were born in mogadishu, somalia, but fled to canada after war broke out in 1991 . they are now gearing up to unleash their afro-pop sound to the world .
two years since walter smith stepped down as chairman, the crackle of gunfire still reverberates in his ears . dave king, the chairman-elect, has still to obtain the sfa clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom . details of how the club proposes to stabilise the finances have yet to come .
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates on saturday . john terry said arsenal will not win the league playing 'tippy-tappy football' chelsea captain defended jose mourinho's recent tactics .
wildlife photographer einar gudmann was sleeping in his warm shelter when he was woken by howling . he spotted a female and male arctic fox copulating, but a third fox lurked nearby . without warning the single fox emerged and began to growl and howl at the pair . wiggling free, the female ran for the hills while the two male foxes began to fight .
turkish court imposed the blocks because images were being shared online . they 'deeply upset' wife and children of mehmet selim kiraz, the hostage who was killed . the 46-year-old turkish prosecutor died in hospital after he was taken hostage . revolutionary people's liberation party-front (dhkp-c) stormed courthouse and took him hostage . two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building where the far-left group was holding him .
saracens beat racing metro 12-11 in the champions cup semi-finals . marcelo bosch scored a 55-metre penalty in the final act of the match . saracens will face clermont in the semi-finals in two weeks .
tom carroll was injured during england under 21s' 1-0 win over czech republic . the swansea midfielder is on loan from tottenham . carroll has made 18 appearances for the swans since joining last summer .
iraqi security forces regain full control of the baiji refinery . isis claimed it controlled part of the facility last week .
kumar sangakkara will continue playing limited overs cricket for a year . sri lanka lost to south africa in a quarter-final at the cricket world cup . the 37-year-old scored four successive centuries at the world cup .
harry kane has scored 29 goals in 44 games for tottenham so far this season . eden hazard is the odds-on favourite to be named pfa players' player of the year . luis suarez and gareth bale have also been named player of the year .
martin kaymer, luke donald and patrick reed will take part in the dubai duty free irish open . rory mcilroy managed to persuade some of golf's biggest stars to take part . mcilroy's foundation is hosting the event at royal county down .
survivors of the boston marathon bombing returned to the site of the deadly blasts on tuesday as they marked the second anniversary . among them, the family of martin richard, 8, the youngest victim to lose his life in the april 15, 2013 attack, headed to boylston street to help unveil banners . four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word 'boston' were placed at the site . they were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers, the marathon's colors .
etihad airways shipped more than 200 pets last year . the airline is working with ground handlers at the new york airport to help locate felix .
australian families will consume 124.3million easter treats this year over the holiday period . victorian chocolatier xocolate have created chocolate masterpieces inspired by renowned artists . the art series collection features eggs boasting designs by jackson pollock and banksy that come in a range of sizes starting at $15.95 . pâtissier adriano zumbo is selling punk-inspired eggs called 'the chocolate pistols' in their nsw and victorian stores .
footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling sunny bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly . the young rider from kentucky can't stop smiling at the animal's silly antics .
patrick vieira has the backing of manchester city players to take over . manuel pellegrini's future at the etihad stadium is under scrutiny . the frenchman is highly-respected amongst the city players . city's first-choice managerial option remains bayern munich boss pep guardiola .
australian foreign minister julie bishop says the deal is "an informal arrangement" bishop is the first minister to visit iran in 12 years .
shinto kanamara matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction . revellers carry erotic shapes of all different sizes through the streets of kawasaki, south of tokyo . participants pray to a god of fertility, child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections .
chris gayle is in india ahead of the ipl tournament which starts on wednesday . the 35-year-old uploaded a picture on instagram of himself behind dj decks . gayle will be hoping to help royal challengers bangalore win ipl title .
isabelle obert, a nutrition consultant, believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet . she says a diet rich in minerals, vitamins, essential fats and proteins can prepare both a man and a woman's body for conception . here, she reveals her list of ten top foods to boost fertility, plus some tips on how to prepare them .
twitter has rolled out a new feature aimed at helping users sift through the large number of tweets on their feed each day . highlights is limited to english-language readers with the twitter app installed on an android device . users who opt into the service on their android device will see a new highlights section in a push notification .
ben thurlow shoved paramedic rebecca hudson as she tended to his wound . 23-year-old was suffering from suspected concussion after a fight . emergency crews even called thurlow's friends and family in an attempt to calm him down . but on the journey to hospital he again attacked ms hudson by knocking her over . thurlow was given a four month suspended sentence at beverley magistrates court .
hamayun tariq, 37, is a divorced father-of-two who was born and raised in dudley . he has shared chilling images of his new high-tech bomb-making factory . tariq boastfully claims to spend time 'producing sophisticated ieds'
faris al-khori, 62, had dozens of chemicals, poisonous materials, bolts and notes . bomb-making equipment was found purely by chance after a fire in edinburgh . firefighters forced entry to a block of flats registered to al-khori and found jars containing various powders and castor beans, which can be used to make ricin . al-khori was jailed for three years and four months after admitting breaching the 1883 explosive substances act .
lara logan, 43, was brutally sexually assaulted while reporting in egypt in 2011 . she was surrounded by a mob of 200 - 300 men after being dragged away from her tv crew in cairo's tahrir square . she was rescued by a group of women and up to 20 egyptian soldiers . logan is said to be resting at her home in the washington dc area but working on upcoming stories .
comres survey shows lib dems are equal to ukip in the polls . first time since late 2013 that ukip has failed to outpoll the lib dems . comes as nigel farage claimed support for ukip had 'rallied' .
the suspect is identified as 20-year-old kenneth morgan stancil iii . the victim was a longtime employee of wayne community college .
tragedy struck thursday night during a sold-out performance of american pie at westfield high school in indiana . one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song . audience members initially thought the tragedy was choreographed .
newcastle face liverpool at anfield on monday night . john carver says his players have a point to prove against the reds . the magpies have lost four of their last five premier league games .
lorraine kelly, 55, has managed to drop two dress sizes by attending regular zumba classes . the scottish presenter, who runs her own itv show, also gushed about her instructor, maxine jones . zumba is a dance fitness programme that combines dance styles and aerobic activity .
cobbles will be lifted from their current place and cut in half before being relaid . road runs alongside bristol floating harbour and dates back to 19th century . council said reaction was 'overwhelmingly' in support from cyclists, pedestrians and wheelchair users .
ap mccoy has two final rides at sandown on saturday . the 40-year-old insists he will never return to professional racing . mccoy has won over 16,500 races and record 4,357 winners .
the international monetary fund warned britain will still be running a budget deficit at the end of the decade . the global watchdog said the state will continue to spend more on public services than it raises in tax throughout the next parliament . projection underlines just how hard it will be for the next government to eliminate the country’s annual deficit . the conservatives have pledged to return britain to the black in 2018-19 with a surplus of £5.2billion – the first since 2001 .
chuka umunna said nigel farage had 'a problem with race' after remarks last week . shadow business secretary said ukip 'hates modern britain' comes after farage dragged into fresh racism storm in thanet . national front members turned up to campaign for farage in his constituency .
andrew 'drew' butler, 25, allegedly shot mother-of-three kendra gonzalez . gonzalez and butler were involved in an argument when gun went off . butler got out and dragged her body from the driver’s seat and left it on the road . ordered the teenage daughter to get out of the car and take the baby . family and friends have set up a gofundme page to pay tribute to gonzalez .
sarah foot says her affair with open water began on hampstead heath after a local swimming pool closed down . she has now taken her to swimming in the north sea off the coast of suffolk . despite the greyness, the appalling cold, and the downright bleakness of the north sea here, i’m in heaven .
california is a breadbasket to the nation, growing more than a third of its vegetables . the drought has prompted gov. jerry brown to announce a mandatory 25% cutback in water consumption .
vice correspondent gianna toboni traveled to india to explore the country's booming gestational surrogacy industry for hbo documentary series vice . while working undercover, she met with an agent who offered to get her a baby in two to three months . gianna was informed that, in order to maximize profits and ensure a final product, doctors are encouraged to implant multiple embryos in surrogates . this can lead to the surrogate having to abort one of the fetuses or giving birth to multiple babies .
a letter of thanks penned by masters champion jordan spieth six years ago when he was on a scholarship at jesuit high school in dallas has surfaced . the grateful golfer wrote the letter to the murphy family who had funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition . the 21-year-old impressed many following sunday's big victory with his manners and affable manor as well as his golfing skills .
kim kardashian and kanye west arrived in jerusalem on monday for north's baptism . the kardashians fended off swooning fans as they entered the saint james cathedral . archbishop aris shirvanian, an armenian church official, said the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony .
paul smith is in line to face andre ward on june 20 in oakland, california . ward has not fought since defeating edwin rodriguez in november . smith has lost back-to-back world title challenges to arthur abraham .
victoria beckham posted a picture of her husband david on instragram . the 40-year-old has wispy grey hairs in his beard, captioned it 'silver fox' . femail takes a look at more male celebrities who go grey gracefully .
lorraine cobourn was hit by a yellow taxi in derby in may last year . the 51-year-old cannot even handle bananas following the incident . she has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling .
john avlon: the u.s. is ready to step up to the plate on climate change . avlon: a successful climate pact will send a signal that a shift to a low-carbon economy is underway .
sarah sparkman, a lawyer from arkansas, remarked to her followers that she felt uneasy about the way female sports reporters are sexualized on screen . mchenry raging: 'if you work as hard as you say you do, you wouldn't bash more successful ppl on twitter' sparkman has been suspended from espn for a week .
olly taylor, 27, is offering his version of the easter feast at his black milk cafe in manchester's northern quarter . breakfast includes two cereals, brownies, marshmallows and mini eggs, topped off with three flavoured milks .
liberal democrats have found more political space to move forward with their initiatives . states such as vermont, oregon and washington have taken the lead in adopting eco-friendly policies .
earth's continents are slowly moving together, and in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called amasia . dr zheng-xiang li travelled to nepal to study the collision of the indian and eurasian plates . in 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the north pole . new techniques are allowing experts to examine the changes like never before .
harvey weinstein, 63, allegedly groped ambra battilana, 22, during a 'business meeting' at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night . police overheard a phone call between battilana and weinstein, in which she confronted him - and he said: 'it won't happen again' on saturday, his 38-year-old wife of eight years, georgina chapman, was pictured outside their new york home looking forlorn .
the move comes in response to an online petition posted on the white house website following the death of 17-year-old leelah alcorn . the petition currently has over 120,000 signatures . the transgender teen committed suicide in december and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy .
karen buckley, 24, went missing on a night out with friends in glasgow . district judge nigel cadbury implied she had been drinking heavily . but friends say she had only a few drinks before going to a nightclub . after a four-day hunt, her body was found at a farm in kelvinside, glasgow . mr cadbury said: 'it's very, very worrying how young girls put themselves in such very, very vulnerable positions'
nicola sturgeon says she will work with labour to put ed miliband in number 10 . snp projected to win more than 40 seats in scotland at the election . polls suggest a surge in support for the snp will cost labour a majority .
gwyneth paltrow is selling a sun proof t-shirt in her goop shop . the £27.49 swim tee by land's end provides upf 50 sun protection . the fabric is supported by the skin cancer foundation .
cui hongfang, from heilongjiang province in north-eastern china, collided with 38-year-old canadian tourist . police have ruled the tragedy an accident, although they are still investigating the circumstances of the chinese woman's death .
the toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on saturday around 3pm . he was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene . the boy's leg was injured in the fall, but he was not attacked by the animals .
the miami herald columnist lesley abravanel told daily mail online exclusively that sources close to dr brandt said he had hanged himself . the city of miami police department confirmed that dr brandt's death was a suicide by hanging on monday . abravanel said brandt, 65, was 'devastated' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the netflix show, unbreakable kimmy schmidt .
the onetime hewlett-packard ceo will launch a formal campaign on may 4, according to the wall street journal . fiorina spokeswoman sarah isgur flores told daily mail online that it's just a rumor at this point . fiorina would be the fourth republican in the presidential race, following senators ted cruz of texas, rand paul of kentucky and marco rubio of florida .
danny ings hasn't scored for burnley since february 11 . sean dyche has called on the rest of his players to help relieve pressure . ings has been strongly linked with a move to manchester united or liverpool when his contract at turf moor runs out in the summer .
bianca gascoigne was mugged by a gang of eight on bikes in central london . the 28-year-old's phone reportedly contained private texts from the former england midfielder . the theft reportedly left her in tears and she is said to have been left devastated .
michelle knight, who was held captive by ariel castro for more than a decade, spoke at the cleveland rape crisis center's faces of change luncheon on wednesday . knight said she doesn't want her heart to be chained to the situations that she went through . 'i want to overcome and flourish and rise above all that,' she said . knight was signing copies of her book, finding me: a decade of darkness, a life reclaimed, when she revealed that she does have a boyfriend .
survey of 600 employers and senior executives reveals biggest resume peeves . worst cv blunder is spelling or grammar mistakes, according to yougov . other errors include incorrect personal information and missing contact details .
linda and george hunter became mortgage-free 15 years ago . but eight years ago the street became part of a regeneration scheme . liverpool city council boarded up neighbouring properties for £1 . couple stayed put as their elderly parents relied on them to support them . they thought the council's offer of £85,000 was too low and it was worth £120,000 . months later they were told the offer had fallen through as street was now part of liverpool's 'home for a pound' scheme .
tori hester, 25, from san diego, california, was diving in cabo pulmo . huge school of trevally fish began circling above her . husband jeff, 26, was on hand to capture moment using underwater camera .
two warring sisters stripped of right to control mother's affairs . one 61-year-old retired gp and the other 58-year-old radiographer . judge said the sisters were unsuitable to control her affairs .
zulu king goodwill zwelithini blamed for sparking xenophobic violence . he has been accused of calling homosexuals 'rotten' and 'rotten' . he has also courted the wrath of women's rights and hiv/aids campaigners . king zwelithini said foreigners should 'pack their belongings' and leave .
stephan lichtsteiner played with eden hazard at lille and now plays alongside paul pogba at juventus . lichtsteiner has tipped kingsley coman to be the next big thing . juventus face monaco in the champions league on wednesday night .
inter milan hope to sign manchester city midfielder yaya toure this summer . marco fassone fears city's asking price and toure's wages could be too much . inter are also working on new deals for mauro icardi and mateo kovacic .
tim bresnan last played for england whites during ashes whitewash in 2013/14 . bresnan took 30 wickets in 10 games and made 95 against nottinghamshire . yorkshire are defending champions of the lv= county championship .
mitchelle angela blair is charged with murder and torture . her daughter, 13, and her son, 9, were found dead in a freezer .
bournemouth are considering expanding the capacity of their goldsands stadium . the away contingent are currently crammed into a corner between the south stand and the east stand . premier league rules state clubs must give away fans 10 per cent of their overall allocation of tickets . just to expand the south stand would cost the club £1.8million .
caroline wozniacki watched a basketball game in indianapolis on monday . world no 5 wozniacki was joined by houston texans star j.j. watt . the pair watched the duke blue devils beat the university of wisconsin 68-63 at the lucas oil stadium .
google said to be in talks with hutchison whampoa, owner of the three network . it would let users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost . industry sources said the firms are discussing a 'wholesale access agreement' that would help google create a global network .
micah richards' contract at manchester city expires at the end of the season . ricahrds joined fiorentina on loan after being frozen out at city . the defender has been unable to hold down a regular place in vincenzo montella's starting xi .
ly sivhong was 13 when her hometown of phnom penh fell to the khmer rouge . about 20,000 people died from execution, starvation or exhaustion during this exodus at gunpoint . she left her only remaining family member, youngest sister bo, in the care of a local couple .
chelsea beat roma 4-0 in the uefa youth league semis on friday . charlie colckett gave chelsea the lead with a deflected shot . dominic solanke then scored a brace before tammy abraham scored . chelsea will now face shakhtar donetsk's u19s team in the final .
wales have reached their highest ever position in the fifa world rankings . inspired by gareth bale, they beat israel 3-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier . chris coleman's side have surpassed the 27th spot achieved by terry yorath's men back in 1993 . england have climbed three places to 14 after beating lithuania in euro 2016 qualifying and drawing a friendly in italy last month .
carlos colina, 32, is charged with assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body . "this was a gruesome discovery," the district attorney says .
a new yorker invited her 11-year-old autistic son to a class . during the class, he got up on a chair and drew a map of the world . a student took the photos and her father posted them on reddit .
russell henley flew to georgia for the master's golf tournament last sunday . golfer tweeted his frustration at united airlines who 'lost' his clubs . kim kardashian, colleen rooney and maisie williams have had similar experiences .
the 65-year-old former decathlete greets diane sawyer at his home in the latest abc promo video released on thursday . he tells the journalist that it is 'going to be an emotional rollercoaster, but somehow i'm gonna get through it' bruce is expected to talk about his gender transition in a sit-down interview with diane sawyer .
new radar images from europe's sentinel-1a satellite show mount everest shrank by about one inch following the april 25 earthquake . an area 75 miles (120km) by 30 miles (50km) has lifted up 3.2ft (1 metre) from the ground around the capital, kathmandu . this is the first radar images to reveal the destruction caused by the 7-magnitude earthquake that killed 5,000 people and affected millions more .
chelsea beat stoke city 2-1 at stamford bridge on saturday . diego costa limped off with a hamstring injury after coming on at half-time . jose mourinho was happy to have gambled with costa's fitness .
national union of teachers expected to call for industrial action this weekend . ballot of 300,000 members would take place after the election . last time teachers across the country went on strike was in july 2013 .
shanna mccormick, 31, feared she would not live to see her wedding day . for most of her adult life, she suffered life-threatening asthma attacks . doctors warned she would die if she didn't slim down - and fast . called off engagement to embark on strict two-year weight-loss plan . managed to lose 16.5st in two years and dropped 18 dress sizes .
the group includes four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11, with the youngest born in 2013 . the turkish military doesn't say why the group allegedly was trying to get into syria .
the 28-year-old girls star has penned an essay for seventeen magazine titled ‘why i'm on team weirdo for life’ . she recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a 'regular' girl by altering her appearance .
a chilling new jihadi video has emerged on social media, showing a new militia of female jihadis practicing drills in syria . all of the women are fully veiled, making it hard to identify individuals but it is possible the group may be linked to islamic state . standing on their parade ground, the women are shown shouting religious slogans and attempting to use their ak 47 rifles .
ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect . regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped . army chief of staff gen. ray odierno announced policy change at the association of the united states army conference in huntsville, alabama .
chelsea vs manchester united clashed with fa cup semi-final on saturday . both organisations blame each other for their respective rights holders, sky and the bbc . the cup game attracted a peak audience of 6.9 million, over treble the 2m rating for the pl game on sky .
carlos boente, 33, was serving time at hmp birmingham for harassment offences . he bombarded a 19-year-old woman with thousands of texts and calls . he told her he had no family and nobody visited him in prison . she eventually contacted police when he told her he had friends watching . he was found guilty of conspiracy to burgle, harassment and phone possession . boente was jailed for five years at birmingham crown court .
adele sarno, 85, who has lived there for more than 50 years, is facing eviction from her $820-a-month apartment in manhattan's little italy neighborhood . the retired shopkeeper has received a letter seeking to increase rent to the market rate of $3,500 a month . her landlord is the italian american museum which is dedicated to the legacy of italian-americans and is situated below her home .
hamburg have appointed bruno labbadia as their new coach . former mainz coach thomas tuchel is rumoured to be in the running . hamburg are anchored in last place with six matches left .
luke rockhold and lyoto machida face off in new jersey on saturday . rockhold is bidding for his fourth consecutive win since losing to vitor belfort two years ago . the californian is looking to extend his winning streak to five .
bbc one's the billion dollar chicken shop showed kfc's rebranding exercise . food stylist dagmar uses nail scissors, tweezers and a mini hairdryer . she arranges pieces of pulled chicken, snips off errant bits of meat and melts cheese using a hairdryer .
the pair were caught on camera at langham creek high school, in houston on tuesday . the mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter . the video, which was posted online, but has now been taken down, shows the mother attacking the student along with another girl - presumably her daughter .
memo for members of congress warns that the uk faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament . says the development of organisations such as the g20 group of major economies has led to a decline in the ‘influence and centrality of the relationship’ . uk’s continued importance to the us will hinge on the future success of the economy – and chancellor george osborne’s implementation of spending cuts .
danny welbeck attended nicki minaj concert at manchester arena on monday . liverpool thrashed the reds 4-1 at the emirates on saturday . hector bellerin, mesut ozil, alexis sanchez and olivier giroud scored .
the large android shape covers a mountainous region near shahpur in pakistan . it is not an official google feature and the image is believed to have been added using google's map maker, although this hasn't been confirmed . google spokesman told mailonline: 'we've terminated the android figure involved in this incident, and he'll be disappearing from google maps shortly'
the university of michigan yanked an upcoming screening of the oscar-nominated drama american sniper over student complaints . the school tweeted out a statement saying the ‘decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @umich places on freedom of expression’ . the movie was originally set to be shown during a student mixer friday, but the university decided to cancel the screening .
children who ate a diet high in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory . children who ate the fatty diet performed worse when they were given a task-switching game to complete . the game was designed to test cognitive flexibility, which is our ability to shift attention, select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task .
pompous albert is a selkirk rex cat from salt lake city, usa . he has already racked up 44.1k followers on instagram . his owners, mike and susan singleton, have penned his bio .
al-shabaab gunmen killed 147 people at a college campus in garissa, kenya, on thursday . it was the bloodiest blow islamist extremists have dealt to the country since the 1998 nairobi bombing .
alfred guy vuozzo, 46, shot dead brent mcguigan, 68, and son, brendon, 39 . mcguigan died in 1970 after being hit by vuozzo's older sister, cathy . vuozzo was sentenced to life in prison on monday for double murder . judge called double-murder an act of 'hatred and misdirected vengeance' vuozzo swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years .
nicholas tooth, 25, was playing for the quirindi lions against the narrabri blue boars in mid-north nsw on saturday when he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder . he was airlifted to newcastle's john hunter hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on sunday . the young man had been living in sydney while studying at sydney university .
wayne kyle, the father of american sniper chris kyle, gave his first interview since the end of the trial of his son's killer, eddie routh . chris kyle and friend chad littlefield were shot dead at a texas gun range in 2013 by routh, after taking the troubled vet to the range to help him with his ptsd . routh was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in february .
newcastle were beaten 1-0 at sunderland in the tyne-wear derby on sunday . john carver admits magpies need to look at character in their dressing-room . jermain defoe scored the winner for sunderland with a left-footed volley .
alex salmond said ed miliband won't be able to avoid a deal with the snp . the former snp leader said miliband was 'foolish' to rule out a coalition . he said all parties would have to face up to the 'electorate's judgment'
serena williams beat camila giorgi 7-6, 6-2 to give usa lead over italy . williams is 19-0 this year and 15-0 for her career in fed cup . 57th-ranked american lauren davis played no. 15 sara errani .
carla suarez navarro beat venus williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 at miami open . suarez navarro will play andrea petkovic in the semi-finals . petkovic beat czech karolina pliskova 6-4, 6-2 .
ronny deila admitted that the first six months in charge at celtic were tough . the norwegian had to learn a lot of new things and get settled . celtic were twice knocked out of europe by the end of the season .
john and karen copleston claim paul phillips harassed them over petty dispute . mr phillips accused the coplestons of putting the garden gate up on his land . when they challenged him they installed cctv cameras to catch him in action . but on friday the case against mr phillips was dismissed . magistrates in bournemouth imposed a three-year restraining order on him .
jack grealish is wanted by the republic of ireland and england . the 19-year-old starred for villa in their fa cup semi-final win over liverpool . grealish must concentrate on his aston villa career, says tim sherwood .
lionel messi missed both of argentina's games during the international break . messi has a swollen foot and faces tests on thursday to decide if he can play . espn claim messi's injury was the result of a tackle by martin demichelis .
casey levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son sam to eat a california roll with a $10 prize up for grabs . he stipulated that there must be no 'gagging or making any faces' footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute's hesitation and running off 'to be sick' .
avastin is just as effective at tackling wet amd as current treatment, lucentis . widespread use of drug would save the nhs around £102million a year . but bmj says drug company has tried to ‘undermine and divert attention’ from trials .
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-finals at wembley . steven gerrard was deployed in a number of different roles by brendan rodgers . the midfielder was unable to influence the outcome of the game . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
na chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when grandmother locked her in . panicked and ran to the window but fell between the metal slats . neighbours rushed to help and some used a piece of pipe to prop her up . others supported her feet and firemen eventually arrived half an hour later .
andre ayew is out of contract at marseille this summer . tottenham have registered their interest in the ghana international . inter milan are understood to be leading the chase for the 25-year-old .
ermias ghermay thought to have made £72m from smuggling in last two years . ghermay and mered medhanie are among several traffickers wanted in italy . they exploit lawlessness in collapse state which has allowed smugglers to operate with impunity since fall of gaddafi .
robert huth and jamie vardy scored in leicester's 3-2 win against west brom . foxes are now just three points behind hull city in the premier league . nigel pearson believes his side's fate is still in their own hands .
thomson will launch splendour of the seas next summer under new name . renamed magellan, a new flagship of cruise & maritime voyages . ms grand holiday, built in 1985 for carnival cruise lines, also renamed .
the critters were filmed at indiana's indianapolis zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen . footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs .
jeremy peace has put west brom up for sale for £150million . peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in america, china and australia . tony pulis is adamant peace wants to ensure his legacy is maintained .
samantha simmonds took some time off work to spend with her children . but the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering . the 42-year-old also describes 'working mum guilt' in her blog post .
jolyon palmer will drive in every friday practice session for lotus . the enstone-based marque are providing their test and reserve driver with a number of outings ahead of grand prix weekends . palmer was only 0.6secs behind pastor maldonado at the end of fp1 .
laura sumner, 24, was fined £23.50 for an alleged visa violation in russia . russian media reports have branded her 'agent sumner' and linked her to a bizarre claim of a revolutionary plot . ms sumner was researching soviet rule from 1917 to 1921 as part of her phd .
syrian imam abdul hadi arwani was shot dead in london last tuesday . his son may have met his father's killer days before he was killed . arwani, 48, was called to a job in the area where he was killed with his son . the man asked him to come back another day and he pretended to have lost his keys .
rangers drew 1-1 with bottom side livingston in their championship clash . myles hippolyte opened the scoring for rangers with a free-kick . marius zaliukas equalised for rangers with a clever back-header .
stephanie scott, 26, was due to marry her partner of five years, aaron leeson-woolley, in front of 120 guests in a small town in new south wales this saturday . the english and drama teacher vanished on easter sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding . police have charged a 24-year-old cleaner vincent stanford with her murder despite not having found her body . family and friends had flown in from around the world to be at her big day .
robert penny, 83, has been charged with the murder of his wife, margaret, in 1991 . claire acocks was brutally murdered at old london coiffure hairdressers in portland, victoria . mr penny has described the accusations as 'bizarre' and 'hanging over his head for a year' . mr penny also revealed that he called his late-wife's sister to further plead his innocence a day after facing court .
bradley neil missed the cut on his masters debut at augusta national . the 19-year-old scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par . neil was playing with fellow countryman and 1988 masters winner sandy lyle .
england fans sang anti-ira songs during tuesday's friendly draw with italy . chants included 'where were you in world war two' and '**** the ira' england face the republic of ireland in dublin in june .
jason edward harrington worked with the tsa for six years . he said screeners will pull attractive travellers aside so they can touch them . added staff will conduct bag checks on people they simply do not like . comes after two tsa workers were fired for manipulating body scanners .
jo malone joins 5,000 small business bosses praising conservatives . they say they 'would like to see david cameron and george osborne given chance to finish what they have started' ms malone claims a labour government would 'jeopardise' economic recovery .
the crash occurred about 8am wednesday in lewiston, idaho, at a drop called bryden canyon . mathew sitko, 23, drove through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence . the fence is the only reason the car vehicle did not topple over into the canyon with sitko still behind the wheel . that's when the mystery man arrived at the scene . he grabbed a nearby rock and smashed sitko's window, before
psg are weighing up a move for dinamo kiev winger andriy yarmolenko . the french giants have been warned off manchester united's argentinian forward angel di maria . the 25-year-old was a target for west ham and stoke last summer .
walmart is a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues . some prominent republicans are urging the gop to take notice .
a year ago, more than 200 nigerian schoolgirls were kidnapped from their dormitories . cnn's nina dos santos was buoyed by the global solidarity around the #bringbackourgirls hashtag . the nigerian government and the rest of the world have allowed this to happen . dos santos: we should all feel shame that we live in a world where the lives of young girls can be shattered with impunity .
lucy southern worked behind the bar at britannia hotels in leeds . she was quizzed about her sex life and asked whether she wore stockings . she complained in august 2013 but nothing was done . in october alex nkoroi began touching her, slapping her bottom and kissing her on the neck . she also claimed he stood behind her to 'grind' up and down her back .
a florida judge denies two women a motion to join a lawsuit against prince andrew . alan dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire jeffrey epstein .
kenneth morgan stancil iii, 20, is accused of fatally shooting ron lane, 44, a print shop director at wayne community college in north carolina on tuesday . he is awaiting extradition back to north carolina, where he is accused of killing lane . stancil's face and neck are covered in dark, self-administered tattoos, some with neo-nazi symbolism .
lori smith filmed her pooch boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door . with the door jammed, it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull each time . 'she just sits here all day and doesn't even care,' smith is heard saying as she watches the scene play out .
liverpool are interested in borussia dortmund striker ciro immobile . immobile has struggled in germany and dortmund are willing to sell . manchester united are keen on mats hummels and ilkay gundogan . real madrid have expressed interest again in marco reus . arsenal have also considered reviving interest in monaco midfielder geoffrey kondogbia . spartak moscow want to rescue nemanja vidic from nightmare spell at inter milan .
green sea turtle crashed group photo in apo island, negros oriental, philippines . diovani de jesus posted the photo on his blog as a reminder that we can all co-exist .
leroy fer injured knee ligaments against sunderland in february . dutch midfielder has struggled for form and fitness since joining qpr . richard dunne and yun suk-young have also returned to fitness .
a europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick the more likely its residents were to want a job . in norway, which pays the highest benefits in europe, almost 80% of people wanted a job . by contrast in estonia, one of the least generous, only around 40% did .
ashley pegram, a 28-year-old mother-of-three, went on a date with edward primo bonilla, 30, on april 3 . her sister, brandy chance, reported her missing the next day and went through her kik account, where she found messages from bonilla . when she spoke with him, it emerged he was actually a 30-year-old man, edward primo bonilla . he has been charged with obstructing justice .
sania mirza beat casey dellacqua and darija jurak 6-0, 6-4 on sunday . mirza became the first indian woman to win a wta doubles title . the 28-year-old won her third successive doubles title with martina hingis .
crystal palace host manchester city in the premier league on monday . alan pardew has said he is not looking to leave selhurst park in the near future . the eagles have won six out of 10 league games since pardew took over .
west ham face manchester city at the etihad stadium on sunday . city had won their last five games against west ham - by an aggregate score of 14-1 . winston reid says he and his team-mates no longer fear facing city .
a hilarious new hashtag has popped up on social media site instagram exposing some of these 'awful' that things parents do to their children . #a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children .
robert durst was indicted wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in new orleans . a grand jury charged durst with possession of a firearm by a felon, and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug: 5 ounces of marijuana . his arrest related to those charges has kept durst from being extradited to los angeles, where he's charged in the december 2000 death of longtime friend susan berman .
trucker lets rip after a car towing a caravan moves into his lane and the two vehicles collide . eventually the car towing the caravan jackknifes, coming to rest across the front of the van, blocking the slip road . footage was posted on facebook and viewed 2million times in less than 48 hours before being removed .
the man, only named as mr zhang, was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike . he was hit by a car at a busy junction in dezhou city in east china . mr zhang was thrown off his bike and later died in hospital from his injuries . his brother died eight months earlier after colliding with a lorry at the same junction .
michelle manhart, 38, was handcuffed by police at valdosta state university . she refused to let the flag go, saying it belongs to 'the entire united states' video footage shows her struggling with officers, who force her off . manhart was once a staff sergeant at the san antonio air force training camp .
the vampire diaries actor and his twilight actress fiancée tied the knot on sunday in a romantic ceremony in the santa monica mountains . nikki, 26, wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by claire pettibone, while ian, 36, donned a white suit and shirt .
harry kane nominated for player of the year and young player of the year . philippe coutinho, steven gerrard and kolo toure among first to arrive . frank lampard and fiancee christine bleakley also at grosvenor house .
manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace at selhurst park on monday . manuel pellegrini guided city to their second premier league title in three seasons . jose mourinho won the premier league in 2006; sacked in 2007 . carlo ancelotti won pl in 2010; sacked in 2011 .
scientists at the national oceanic and atmospheric administration's pacific marine environmental laboratory were able to record an underwater volcano erupting . they found that underwater volcanoes, which were long assumed to ooze lava at relatively steady rates, in fact erupt in pulses . the eruptions also appear to be clustered during the first six months of each year . the findings may mean that models predicting how human activity will change the climate will need to be adjusted .
queens park rangers host chelsea in the premier league on sunday . manchester united host manchester city at the etihad stadium . sunderland host crystal palace at the etihad stadium on saturday . tottenham hotspur host aston villa at white hart lane on saturday .
kevin gill, 45, found the injured alligator outside his naples, florida, home . he thought his 13-year-old son could care for it while learning about gators . but collier county deputies came across the baby gator and told him it was illegal . it is a felony in florida to keep an alligator without a license, regardless of its size .
the group, calling themselves hookers for hillary, all work at dennis hof's infamous moonlite bunny ranch in carson city . the legal brothel, which was the subject of hbo's cathouse series, has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement . they cite clinton's work on health care reform, foreign experience, tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues as reasons to vote for her .
video shows galaxy s6 edge bending and shattering under 110lbs (50kg) of pressure . video was released by third-party warranty firm squaretrade . samsung has since responded with its own video demonstrating a three-point bend test on both its galaxy s6 models .
leeds-based direct line is running a competition called #everydayfix . they asked groups to design products to deal with common problems . these include forgetting to lock the door, which one company hopes to solve . the products were designed as part of the direct line everyday fix design makeathon .
woolworths customers will purchase enough prawns to stretch from sydney to cairns over the easter weekend . sales of lobster, oysters, prawns and fish will increase by 80 per cent over the holiday . femail reveals which tipple to pair with our favourite seasonal foods .
reading threw away a 1-0 lead to draw with cardiff in the fa cup semi-finals . pavel pogrebnyak opened the scoring with four minutes to go . but cardiff equalised through conor mcaleny in the 90th minute . reading face arsenal in their last-four clash at wembley on april 18 .
leigh griffiths was on the bench for celtic's 2-0 win at st mirren . the scotland striker was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit . ronnie deila has encouraged the concept of the 24/7 athlete .
cesc fabregas will return to the emirates for the first time since leaving arsenal . the spaniard joined the gunners as a teenager before moving to chelsea . the 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask at the emirates .
john f. kennedy's courage in space exploration holds lessons for u.s. today, he says .
porto are unbeaten in the champions league this season . julen lopetegui has assembled an exciting squad for the 'dragons' porto beat basle 5-1 on aggregate in the last round . yacine brahimi has been a shining light for porto in this campaign .
sir alex ferguson made a £5,000 donation to the remember mary barbour fund . the 73-year-old revealed that his life hasn’t so much slowed down as merely changed gear since stepping down as manchester united manager in the summer of 2013 . ferguson has chosen to spend his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes .
borussia dortmund have failed to score in four of their last five league games . jurgen klopp's men face hoffenheim in the dfb pokal on tuesday . sven bender says dortmund need to start scoring more goals .
maglev train completed a test run on a track in yamanashi, japan . it beat the previous record of 361mph (580km/h) set in 2003 . another attempt is scheduled for tomorrow, and engineers predict it could reach 373mph (600km/h)
pamela clothier, 92, was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her home . but her family was under the impression she planned to sell the house . age uk cleared it out and her dog mitzy was taken to an animal sanctuary . she returned to find the house empty and has criticised the charity .
attacks in durban kill two immigrants and three south africans, including a 14-year-old boy . about 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations this week because of violence .
national grid has revealed the uk's first new pylon for nearly 90 years . called the t-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons . but it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts . it is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes . britain's first pylon was erected in july 1928 near edinburgh .
since 2008, 994 personnel have been treated for mental health issues . major-general alastair duncan is currently in a psychiatric unit . critics say mod has ignored appeals to stop prescribing drug lariam .
frankie gavin is set to be handed a shot at kell brook’s ibf welterweight world title . talks have been held between the parties and an announcement could be made as early as friday . gavin is the only englishman to have won a world amateur title . eddie hearn, who promotes both men, told sportsmail on tuesday that gavin was under ‘strong consideration’ .
alex song believes cameroon goalkeeper carlos kameni could have played at one of the top teams in the premier league . west ham united midfielder has also played for arsenal and cameroon . song has picked his #one2eleven squad on the fantasy football club on sky sports .
the research was carried out by scientists at brown university in rhode island . to conduct the study, the researchers pitted nine frequent gamers against a control group of nine people who game rarely, if ever . subjects were shown an on-screen ‘texture’ of visual or horizontal lines . they had to quickly point out - in a fraction of a second - the one area where an anomalous texture appeared . results showed gamers managed to improve performance on both tasks, while non-gamers did what was expected .
spring-breaker filmed screaming out in terror as harmless sea cow floated past . footage was taken with the help of a selfie-stick in florida . manatees are plant-eating creatures capable of growing to 13ft long .
the visa restrictions index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free . the latest results were based on results from may 20, 2014 . finland, germany, sweden, the uk and the us came in at top .
jurgen klopp will leave dortmund at the end of the current season . arsene wenger should be given two more years at arsenal, says nigel winterburn . klopp has long been linked with a move to the emirates stadium .
far-right supporters turned up to ukip event in south thanet on friday . they were led by gary field, a former regional organiser for the edl . mr field drank beer behind the cordon and gestured to onlookers .
the box truck collided with a car on interstate 93 southbound in the city's dorchester neighborhood at about 6am . both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries . as officials didn't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck, replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers .
delroy facey is accused of conspiring with a non-league player to commit bribery . the 34-year-old is also alleged to have told a contact conference teams would 'do' a game in return for payment . birmingham crown court heard he contacted a non-league player via whatsapp to fix a match . facey denies two counts of conspiracy to commit bribery .
mhox eye concept is designed to replace and even enhance the vision compared to a normal eye . italian bio-designers plan to combine the biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions and give super human eyesight . the team behind mhox say their synthetic eyes, which include lenses that improve the image sharpness and can put filters over the vision, could be available by 2027 .
janice baker kinney, marcella tate, and autumn burns claim cosby sexually assaulted them . their attorney gloria allred, who represents most of cosby's accusers, said the event was timed deliberately to damage cosby's ticket sales . cosby has yet to comment on the new allegations, which have prompted him to cancel a number of upcoming shows on his comedy tour .
the emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of ferguson, missouri were released on thursday . seven in particular are remarkably racist, including one in which disgraced police officer richard henke says of president barack obama; 'what black man holds a steady job for four years' in the other emails president obama is labelled a monkey, welfare recipients are described as 'lazy' and unable to speak english before being compared to dogs 
tina fey was seen out for the first time since the tragic suicide of renowned cosmetic dermatologist dr. fredric brandt on friday . the writer, producer and actress was on a school run with her youngest daughter penelope and husband jeff richmond . dr. brandt took his own life on april 5 at his home in miami . friends say he was devastated over a caricature of himself on fey's show unbreakable kimmy schmidt .
diane morris, 46, is engaged to mike holpin, 56, who boasts of having children with 20 different women . ms morris has brushed off claims he still uses plenty of fish to meet more women for casual sex . she said: 'i trust mike completely and i know his womanising days are over'
aliesha peterson, 22, from alberta, canada, first started exercising in august 2013; as of april 2015, she has lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack .
police were called to the sheraton hotel in iowa city around 1.30am on sunday . the 20-year-old allegedly urinated on the lobby floor of the hotel . pippen was arrested at the same place on april 10 for public intoxication .
a 4wd burst into flames in the middle of an outdoor car park at sydney airport's busy international terminal on thursday morning . the red 4wd was fully engulfed in flames when authorities arrived and witnesses reported seeing fire spewing from the bonnet of the vehicle . the fire caused traffic delays throughout the international terminal due to heavy smoke .
tottenham are considering sharing their new stadium with an nfl franchise . spurs' new state-of-the-art £400m stadium is due to be completed in time for the 2018-19 season . the nfl is said to be within five years of having a permanent franchise in london .
apple pledged an unspecified amount of money for a virginia-based nonprofit, the conservation fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the east coast . in the reed forest of aroostook county, maine, wetlands, rivers, and upland forest provide refuge for atlantic salmon, bald eagle, and canada lynx .
rory mcilroy is favourite to win the masters and complete a career grand slam . the northern irishman grew up watching tiger woods on tv . mcilroy revealed he sent tiger a letter saying he was 'coming to get' him .
prince jan zylinski challenges ukip leader nigel farage to a duel in hyde park . farage says he is fed up with discrimination against poles living in britain . ukip wants britain to leave the european union .
nathan priestley, 21, from norwich, norfolk, was bullied over his 26-stone bulk . he refused to leave his house for a year and took an overdose of 30 pills . after his suicide attempt, something snapped in nathan and he made the decision to stop wallowing in self-pity and turn his life around . within two years, he had shrunk to 14 stone and is now a trim 13 stone .
boy was walking across mudflats in burnham-on-sea with family from manchester . he quickly became stuck and had to be pulled to safety by a hovercraft . the 11-year-old was flown back to the beach unharmed at around 3.30pm .
chelsea were made to work hard for their three points against stoke . eden hazard slotted chelsea ahead from the penalty spot . charlie adam equalised with an incredible strike from inside his own half . loic remy taps in the winner for jose mourinho's side .
programmer charanjeet kondal has used an application to create images . if he is right, the heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old . pictures were created using mr kondal's morph thing application .
joshua finbow, 23, craig stoner, 24, simon radford, 31, and darren smalley, 35, charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault . the men were taking part in a royal navy ice-hockey team tour of nova scotia . they were led into dartmouth provincial court on friday partially masking their faces under their hoodies .
yaya toure's defensive lapses are costing manchester city, says gary neville . neville says the club need to get rid of 'weeds in the garden' at the etihad . niall quinn and graeme souness also criticise manuel pellegrini's side .
tong shaom 20, a university of iowa student, went missing in september 2014 . her body was found stuffed in the trunk of her toyota camry in iowa city . her boyfriend, xiangnan li, 23, was listed as a person of interest in the case . he bought a one-way ticket to china in the days after she went missing . li had transferred to iowa from rochester institute of technology to be closer to tong .
saturday marks record store day . record stores are cultural institutions that celebrate music history .
comfortably numb is a new, single-use device that eases the pain of an injection . produces a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin . currently a functioning prototype has produced a numbing effect in 60 seconds .
huw thomas suggested flags were for a 'simpleton' or a 'casual racist' he posted his views on a welsh language website called mais e . mr thomas said he made the comments as a 'young student'
maria mcerlane visited the datai hotel in malaysia with doon mackichan . the emerald city is an archipelago of 104 islands in the andaman sea . it was given world geopark status by unesco in 2007 .
celtic lost 1-0 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on saturday . virgil van dijk scored the only goal of the game in extra-time . david raven scored the only goal of the game in extra-time .
the black book of carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in welsh . contains some of the earliest references to arthur and merlin . owner jaspar gryffyth erased centuries' worth of additional verse, doodles and marginalia which had been added as it changed hands throughout the years .
munira khalif from minnesota, stefan stoykov from indiana, victor agbafe from north carolina, and harold ekeh from new york are all ivy league students . they are the daughter of somali immigrants who came to the u.s. for opportunities . they have been accepted to all eight ivy league schools and three others .
alissa sizemore, from vernal, utah, was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it . although the dancer, who has been taking lessons since she was four-years-old, had to have her right leg amputated below the knee . alissa chose colbie caillat's hit try, a song that she and her mom felt accurately reflected her emotional journey over the past year, for her debut performance .
jeff the rabbit measures 3ft 8in and weighs in at a whopping three and a half stone . his father darius is currently the world's biggest rabbit .
the man, believed to be in his 20s, was trapped under the weight of the car . he suffered head and chest injuries, as well as suspected leg fractures . firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free him using clan lucas cutting equipment .
twiggy, 65, has long been working for the high street store . takes inspiration from the 70s trends seen on the catwalks this season . her latest collection will be available on may 14 .
julian zelizer: chris christie, hillary clinton, ted cruz have made mistakes in the campaign . he says christie's cuts to social security and marijuana legalization could come back to bite him .
a 'monster' pedophile, 70, who molested at least seven girls was sentenced to up to 50 years in prison on thursday . jackson county chief circuit judge thomas wilson told 'monster' james tingley of michigan 'the only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet' during tingley's hearing, assistant prosecutor jennifer walker told the court that police know of at least five other girls tingley abused but they believe there may be
stan collymore watched aston villa's 3-2 draw against qpr on tuesday . collymore has been a talksport commentator since 2008 . villa are currently 16th in the premier league table .
reynosa, a city across the rio grande . from mcallen, texas, ground to a halt on friday afternoon after . vehicles were torched and shooting began . three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police . were injured . earlier in the day, federal police and marines captured 'el gafe,' a leader of the gulf cartel .
emmanuel adebayor joined tottenham from manchester city in 2011 . the togo international scored 18 goals in his first season at white hart lane . adebayor joined spurs permanently in the summer for £5million . the 31-year-old has made just 16 appearances in all competitions this season .
chelsea are the worst behaved team in the premier league when it comes to respecting referees, according to official figures . fa fair play delegates attend every top-flight match and assess team behaviour towards match officials . liverpool show the greatest respect, followed by burnley and west brom . sunderland, arsenal and stoke city rank poorly in the assessment .
ellen gallant, a cardiologist from utah, was on everest when the quake struck . the 7.8 magnitude quake sparked an avalanche that killed 18 people . four us citizens who were on mount everest are confirmed to have died . there are believed to be up to 100 americans still missing following the disaster .
the 44-year-old slipped and fell from hassans fall lookout at lithgow on tuesday afternoon . she was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children, aged 12 and 13, when she dropped her phone at the lookout . she is believed to have suffered serious head, spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres . her friend raised the alarm and it took two hours for police, paramedics and the lithgow volunteer rescue squad to rescue the woman .
krishnan guru-murthy tried to ask robert downey jr about his drug-taking past . the actor said 'i'm sorry, i really don't... what are we doing?' . krishnan then looked dumbfounded as robert went to head out of the room . naomi campbell, robert pattinson and peter andre have all lost their cool .
hedione activates the pheromone receptor vn1r in humans . this activates part of the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women . hedione - derived from the greek word 'hedone', for fun, pleasure, lust - has a fresh jasmine-magnolia scent . christian dior fragrance, eau savage, was the first to use it in 1966 .
mark lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand last month . envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery . brace was created by seoul’s severance hospital and lippert marveled at how quickly they had constructed it .
health reforms include fining agencies employing models with a bmi under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content . some have been hailing the legislation as a 'crackdown on anorexia' but rachel cole-fletcher, of durham university says personality traits are to blame .
beverley davis, 35, was supposed to be helping to care for ray warren, 89 . but she tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal £9,164 . the mother-of-three used his bank cards to buy takeaways and pay for creche fees . mr warren was so traumatised he lay in bed at night worrying about money . davis was jailed for a year after pleading guilty to duping mr warren .
many smartphones on sale today come with built-in fm chips . but nearly two thirds of these devices don't have the feature activated . radio industry, faced with rise of digital radio, are calling for this to change .
quinton 'rampage' jackson returns to the ufc after two years with bellator . he takes on fabio maldonado at a catchweight of 215lb on saturday . jackson had to endure a protracted legal battle before he was permitted to feature at ufc 186 .
mohamed soltan, 27, was sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of plotting unrest against the military-backed government that overthrew president mohamed morsi in a 2013 coup . the american-egyptian citizen, who grew up in missouri, michigan and ohio, moved to egypt to be closer to his mother during her cancer treatments . he has been on a hunger strike protesting his arrest and has done 'irreparable damage' to his body including losing roughly 100
virtual studio designcrowd asked people to submit before and after images of some of the world's most famous landmarks . the startling absence of the 300m-high eiffel tower left the skyline looking incredibly bare and flat . liberty island looks forlorn and barren without the statue of liberty to draw tourists every day .
floyd mayweather v manny pacman will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend on what happens that coming night . rumble in the jungle was the brainchild of promotional genius don king backed by the multi-million dollar investment .
employees in the us, uk, australia, canada, china, france, germany, hong kong and japan will be eligible for a 50% discount on the watch . the discount doesn't apply to the expensive edition model, which starts at $10,000 in the us and £8,000 in the uk . it means employees in the us will only pay $174.50 and in the uk employees will only pay $174.50 .
the mansion was designed by port douglas architect charles wright and won the australian institute of architects house of the year for queensland in 2014 . it is located in 73 acres of daintree rainforest and fringes over 600 metres of far north queensland beachfront . six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies, a 2400 bottle cellar and a helipad are on the market for $15 million .
yaya toure's agent dimitri seluk wants to talk to manchester city . toure has been linked with a move away from the etihad stadium . the 31-year-old earns more than £1m a month at city .
marleni olivo hit venezuelan president nicolas maduro in the head with a mango . maduro says she will invite her to his tv show "in touch with maduro"
donny ray williams, who was once a staffer for the senate homeland security subcommittee, slipped an intern ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious . that same year, he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent . prosecutors on friday asked that williams be spared jail time because he is himself the victim of a crime - the effects of which will mar the remainder of his life .
idea of having another referendum on scotland's future ranked 19th on list of 23 policies presented to voters . comes after nicola sturgeon refused to rule out staging second referendum if the snp wins the 2016 holyrood elections . ms sturgeon has vehemently criticised david cameron's pledge to hold an in-out referendum on europe .
walter scott, 50, was shot to death by michael slager, a five-year veteran of north charleston police . a bystander's cell phone video shows slager shooting at scott eight times as he runs away . the officer initially said he used a taser on scott, who slager said tried to take the weapon .
gang of eight dug 50m tunnel across road from guanghui temple in china . they were able to hide construction equipment from landlord for more than a month . police launched a sting operation and five gang members were arrested .
actor and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have invited friends to their lake como mansion . the party is a belated celebration of mrs clooney's 37th birthday in february . amal cut a striking figure back in march when she attended an event with her husband, george clooney, in this stella mccartney dress .
the oxford university women's boat race team were overcome by choppy waters . crew from the chiswick rnli station came to the assistance of the rowers . the sunken eight was recovered and returned to oxford's base .
borussia dortmund and bayern munich have shared the last five bundesliga titles . bayern munich are set to continue their domestic domination this term . dortmund are now only five points from the top six .
andreas lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression . investigators also found search terms for 'bipolar' and 'manic depressive' . european regulators warned of inadequacies with air safety enforcement . lubitz told officials he had gone through a period of severe depression . raises questions over whether medical checks of crew are rigorous enough .
senate panel set to vote tomorrow on a bill that would give congress a say on a potential nuclear deal aimed at keeping tehran from developing a nuclear weapon . the white house 'strongly' opposes the bill, which the senate is set to vote against . obama's spokesman said a two-week break in congress meant 'that we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like'
evelin mezei, 12, was last seen by her mother in east london last night . she was spotted with the man in stratford, london, at about 10.30pm yesterday . youngster, who came to uk six months ago, was traced this morning .
five-day-old baby hippo was flung into the air in isimangaliso wetland park . it got caught up in a fight between two adults who grabbed its jaws . calf's mother watched in horror as it was dragged along surface of water .
geoffrey kondogbia is a target for liverpool and arsenal . french midfielder has made over 100 league appearances . kondogbia scored monaco's winner against arsenal in champions league .
a university of washington climate scientist has been studying the blob for months . the blob is a huge area of unusually warm water in the pacific .
rare photos of captain robert scott’s expedition to the south pole are among the items expected to fetch tens of thousands of pounds . more than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects – with estimated values of £500 to £30,000 – will go under the hammer at christie’s south kensington . one of the highlights of the collection – consignors – is 11 professionally restored photos of captain scott’s fateful british antarctic expedition .
defense, prosecution make closing arguments in the case . dzhokhar tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty . he is accused of working with his brother to explode bombs at the 2013 boston marathon .
ian poulter forgot his golf clubs when he drove down magnolia lane . henrik stenson, who is just getting over a bout of flu, looked less than impressed . tiger woods will be accompanied by his two offspring, charlie and sam .
nick cousins, 57, and grace garcia cousins, 53, held over alleged 'ill treatment' of their child . it emerged her birth, and that of her 14-year-old sister, were never registered and they did not attend school . mr cousins is managing director of the hong kong arm of insurance broking firm jardine lloyd thompson . police sources say blanca cousins locked herself in bathroom before falling to her death as her parents tried to unlock the door .
leigh griffiths has scored a hat-trick for celtic this season . griffiths admits he 'had to improve' during his time at hibs . griffiths says he has proved ronny deila and john collins wrong .
the narrabeen property began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on tuesday . a tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down, but authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties . a firetruck had been brought in to dampen the house and the surrounding area as the property contained asbestos .
real madrid face barcelona in el clasico in berlin on june 6 . barcelona have only met twice this season, both times in la liga . cristiano ronaldo is looking for his third champions league trophy . luis suarez is looking for his third .
chelsea beat queens park rangers 3-2 at stamford bridge on sunday . thibault courtois has struggled in recent weeks with a number of errors . abel hernandez scored in chelsea's 3-2 win over hull on march 22 . courtois has also been criticised for not keeping out charlie adam's strike .
a mass doggy wedding saw more than 40 pooches tie the knot in a beijing park . the 21 canine couples arrived in bmw convertibles and a stretch hummer . organisers said the event was designed to raise awareness of animal rights .
the plan was revealed in an email sent out to youtube partners . it will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free' version of youtube for a monthly fee . the additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on youtube's creator studio dashboard . according to updated terms, youtube will pay creators 55% of the total net revenues from subscription fees – the same percentage associated with advertising revenues .
christian eriksen spotted kissing girlfriend sabrina kvist jensen in soho . tottenham midfielder hasn't scored since january . eriksen joined spurs from ajax in the summer of 2013 .
raheem sterling, daniel sturridge, martin skrtel and simon mignolet unveiled the new home kit at anfield on friday . the new gingham design is the first offering from us sports brand new balance . new balance struck a record-breaking £300m four-year kit deal to replace sister company warrior as liverpool's suppliers .
conor mcdonnell is the self-taught photographer behind instagram's most popular photo . the liverpool native has had a breakneck rise to success since his first post in november 2011 . mcdonnell shares his five top tips for growing your instagram fan base .
battle between lenders has intensified, plunging home loan rates to lowest in history . but hsbc announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix . experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind and described move as 'astonishing'
tryster raced to victory in the coral easter classic at lingfield . the four-year-old, ridden by william buick, beat complicit 22-1 . pretend won the unibet sprint championship stakes with buick .
gary gardner will report to aston villa for pre-season training . tim sherwood will assess gardner's fitness before making his decision . gardner has enjoyed a successful loan spell at nottingham forest .
manchester united are said to be keeping a close eye on atletico madrid defender miranda . the brazilian centre back has been linked with a move to old trafford . however miranda has revealed he is happy to stay at the vicente calderon .
uefa have announced a champions league seeding change for next season . top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending champions league winner plus title holders in the seven highest-ranked countries . arsenal, atletico madrid and porto will drop in status in the august 27 draw . barcelona, bayern munich, chelsea, juventus, psg, zenit st petersburg, benfica and psv will also drop down .
shoshana hebshi, of sylvania, ohio, was traveling home after visiting a sister in california when she was removed from the frontier airlines flight after it landed sept. 11, 2011 . she was seated next to two indian-american men, whom crew members had said spent a lot of time in the plane's bathroom . frontier airlines, the transportation security administration and wayne county airport authority were named in the federal lawsuit . hebshi, who has a jewish mother and sau
kate dearaugo, 29, weighed 127.5 kgs at her heaviest . underwent gastric sleeve surgery in may 2012 to lose 68kg . says she 'lost the plot' after stint on young divas in 2008 .
dita von teese is offering burlesque workshops at canyon ranch, a luxury health resort in tucson, arizona . von teese, real name heather renée sweet, will team up with burlesque teacher catherine d'lish, to offer striptease workshops .
hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt quit bayern munich on thursday . muller-wohlfahrt claimed bayern were 'blamed' for defeat by porto . pep guardiola has played down claims of a rift with the doctor . bayern lost 3-1 to porto in champions league quarter-final first leg .
kim kardashian: hollywood uses the reality star's likeness and voice . users have to become friends with her and build an empire . lindsay lohan and katy perry are also fans of the app .
jamie jewitt, 24, from essex, weighed 15st before his 15th birthday . henry rogers, 22, from ealing, reached 18st at his heaviest . went on an intense two-year diet, including going vegan for a year . after shedding the pounds, he landed a job at abercrombie & fitch . he was scouted by top agency, models 1, and now weighs 12st .
the grand national is the highlight of the racing year . ap mccoy's career will conclude with a fairytale victory for favourite shutthefrontdoor . will one of the other contenders take their place in history?
images of the watch's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about samsung's upcoming developer scheme . samsung said: 'the new wearable device will be the 7th generation of samsung gear with a wrist watch type' it added that this is the first time samsung has released its wearable sdk to developers before the official product announcement . asus claims the £119.99 vivowatch has a 10-day battery life .
casting call for female body double for sienna miller, 33, has been put out . applicants must be 5ft 6in, have a 251 ⁇ 2in waist, a high hip of 35, a low hip of 361 ⁇ 2 and be prepared to cut their hair into a messy bob, just like the actress .
50 years ago, prosecutors tried 22 former ss soldiers at auschwitz in the most famous holocaust trial in germany . frida ghitis: the refusal of perpetrators to acknowledge their guilt remains one of the most disappointing aspects of holocaust trials .
bikram yoga involves performing 26 poses in a room heated to 40°c (105°f) scientists at the university of wisconsin-la crosse have warned the practise can raise a person's body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels . a typical 90-minute session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40°c (105°f) with 40 per cent humidity . scientists advise that the standard 90-minute class is reduced to just an hour to reduce risks .
quade cooper will join toulon from queensland reds this summer . he will link up with former wallabies playmaker matt giteau . bernard foley is favourite to wear the wallabies number 10 shirt .
australian entrepreneur jo burston, 43, achieved a turnover of $40 million in her first four years of business . her ballsy attitude helped land her an investor for her first business job capital - a leading technology services firm . 'when you're in the ring, fight until the end,' says burston .
quinn patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at snow lake, indiana . the pair caught a bowfin, videoed lying lifeless on a concrete dock . the bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster .
robin van persie has missed manchester united's last six games . he suffered an ankle injury against swansea on february 21 . in his absence united have won all five of their subsequent premier league matches . van persie has scored 10 goals in 24 league appearances so far this season .
state broadcaster rtve has axed plans for a reality show . would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls . fifteen people have died since records began in 1924 .
samantha goga and natali villarruel are members of an obstacle course race group called the midwest vikings . lovie twins is a triathlete who runs a half-marathon .
liverpool striker mario balotelli has been subjected to more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season . daniel sturridge and danny welbeck have also been subjected to more than a thousand discriminatory messages this season . liverpool manager brendan rodgers says he is 'surprised and shocked' by the level of online abuse .
valerie cadman-khan, 56, from middlesborough, appeared on this morning . she was handcuffed in front of her down syndrome daughter, aimee, now 19 . the mother won her wrongful arrest case against the police last month . but she has revealed that she hasn't had an apology for the incident .
bernadette forde, 51, was found dead in her wheelchair in june 2011 . gail o'rorke, 43, has pleaded not guilty to three charges of assisted suicide . ms forde left a recording of her nightmare life saying she couldn't live . o'rorke is accused of helping ms forde travel to zurich for her funeral .
hospital gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital . cleveland clinic introduced reversible gowns in 2010 after hearing complaints from patients . henry ford innovation institute is bringing gowns to the hospital .
the blast happened at the spot where a county worker was operating a front loader . the explosion sparked a fire that roared like a jet engine .
madonna's new crocodile handbag has caused a stir for its slogan . rihanna carried two gun-themed bags while out for dinner in santa monica . rihanna has a gun tattoo on her torso .
the youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the ao nang princess 5 ferry . between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers, speed boats and rescue craft . photos taken by rescuers show the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking .
gary warren picked up his second booking of the competition against celtic . the inverness defender will miss the scottish cup final on may 30 . warren also missed last year's league cup final for the same reason .
at the end of march, leicester were bottom of the table with 19 points . now they face fellow relegation battlers burnley on saturday . nigel pearson's side are full of confidence after three straight wins .
high court threw out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails . policy was brought in after fugitive armed robber michael wheatley walked out of standford hill prison in may while on day release . wheatley went on a robbing spree – pulling a handgun on staff at a chelsea building society in sunbury-on-thames, surrey . violent thug had previously been handed 13 life sentences at the old bailey in 2002 .
girl, who attends lone hill middle school in san dimas, california . anonymous users taunted her on instagram with violent messages . one posted: 'that smile! i can't wait till its [sic] just blood and tears' deputies from the los angeles county sheriff's department are helping .
ap mccoy will be presented with his final champion jockeys trophy . ian wright will present the trophy at sandown on saturday . mccoy is a huge arsenal supporter and has been invited to attend a home game before the end of the season .
emma dickson, 31, thought she would be planning wedding to fiance dougie, 26 . but ended up thinking about funeral when she was rushed to hospital . she developed blood clots which moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism - a month before she was due to get married . complications caused by synthetic hormones in the contraceptive pill . mrs dickson was told she had developed the clots as a result of taking the pill .
australian choreographer wade robson, once michael jackson's staunchest defender, now claims the singer was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child . if judge beckloff gives robson, 32, and safechuck, 36, a green light to proceed with their civil claim, new child molestation allegations will likely be revealed in court against jackson . safechuck, who says he met jackson in 1987 when he was eight and was molested a year later, claims jackson
federal court ruled on tuesday that internet companies should reveal names, ip addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who illegally shared the film . legal experts say even if you are hit with a legal threat there are several ways to defend the accusations . iinet, internode, amnet broadband, dodo services, adam internet and wideband networks were all affected .
islamic state fighters ambushed an iraqi army convoy with a bulldozer . a suicide bomber first attacked the convoy before militants opened fire . a colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in the attack yesterday . the iraqi army is embroiled in a fierce battle to reconquer the western province .
sentencing for dzhokhar "jahar" tsarnaev will resume monday . he was convicted april 8 on all 30 counts, including 17 that carry a possible death penalty .
brady eaves, 18, was filmed biting the head off a live hamster during a drunken spring break party in florida . footage shows him shrieking with laughter as he kills the small animal . he has been expelled from university of mississippi, where he was on a scholarship, and submitted for mental health tests . phi delta theta has openly condemned eaves' actions and expelled him from the fraternity .
burnley host arsenal at turf moor (saturday 3pm) matt taylor could return from long term achilles injury . ross wallace and steven reid could return for clarets . laurent koscielny and wojciech szczesny face fitness tests .
an afghan soldier shot at u.s. soldiers at a provincial governor's compound in jalalabad . an afghan soldier was killed and another was injured in a subsequent exchange of gunfire .
baby elephant walks alongside its herd at whipsnade zoo in bedfordshire . five of the elephants walk in a single file line and break their chain . cheeky elephant forces its way into the line at the expense of the elephant behind it .
foxy knoxy and raffaele sollecito served four years for meredith kercher's murder . they were freed on appeal in 2011 and knox returned to the us . last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding the pair guilty of the murder again .
west ham confident deal to move into olympic stadium does not contravene domestic or european legislation . premier league club are set to move into the london 2012 showpiece venue for the start of 2016-17 season . fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to west ham on tuesday, when it was suggested the deal may contravene european state aid law .
mike ashley has been accused of making newcastle a 'boring' club . jamie carragher says he's alarmed at the state newcastle are in . carragher says he's 'getting bored' at the state newcastle are in .
jeffrey klein said a staffer 'accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone' with a link to google image results for 'susan del percio hot' klein, a democrat who caucuses with the republicans, said that 'mistakes like this happen' before apologizing to del percio . del percio, a republican strategist, said that the post was a 'silly mistake'
mcdonald's announced wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full- and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage . the company said the increase will be instituted starting july 1 . it expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016, up from the current rate of $9 an hour .
manchester united and chelsea will take part in the international champions cup in the us this summer . barcelona, porto, paris saint-germain, fiorentina, new york red bulls, san jose earthquakes and la galaxy will also be taking part . the pre-season tournament is set to be played between july 11 and august 5 .
sir paul mccartney married heather mills in 2002 at castle leslie in ireland . he had ordered a media blackout of the event, which was attended by 300 guests . macca's daughters stella and mary were said to have been less than overjoyed . the remarkable picture is a portent of the bitterness that would follow the wedding as sir paul and ms mills separated in 2006 and went through a bitter and messy divorce in 2008 .
ben parsons, 34, proposed to girlfriend anna jefferson, 36 . she was watching her boyfriend run in the 26.2-mile brighton marathon . ben got down on one knee and popped the question .
paul simon, 73, rose to fame as one half of simon & garfunkel . his latest album, the ultimate collection, beat albums by ed sheeran . it includes 19 tracks from simon’s 50-year career, including mrs robinson . it is the first time he has reached the top of the album chart since 1990 .
nepalese nation has begun the grim task of cremating the thousands of victims who were killed during saturday's devastating earthquake . mass cremations have been taking place next to the bagmati river, the waterway which divides kathmandu . plumes of white, acrid smoke could be seen floating across kathmandu, as hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river . around these ceremonies, families gathered, wailing in grief for their loved ones in heartbreaking desperation .
the wak ⁇  alarm clock is affixed to a wall behind the bed . it pivots to send a focused beam of light and sound to wake up an individual . led lights grow brighter to simulate sunlight, encouraging a sleeper to wake up more naturally . device uses an inbuilt sensor to pick out individuals using body heat . it also has rechargeable batteries and a wi-fi connected processor .
scientists say new research seems to support the theory of widespread brines on mars . the study is based on a year of monitoring by the mars curiosity rover in gale crater . the temperatures measured are too low and water too scarce "to support terrestrial organisms"
nicholas dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at restaurant bocca east during brunch on saturday afternoon . police said he demanded a free meal around 4pm because of slow service . the 34-year-old manager followed him outside of the restaurant and grabbed his neck and slammed him against a bar . as the manager followed him outside, he allegedly grabbed his neck and hurled him into an elderly woman who was standing on the street .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california greeting a baby boy named elliot with kisses . footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands . despite elliot's best efforts, gemma keeps licking away .
mohammad qamaruzzaman was hanged inside a jail in dhaka on saturday . the senior islamist party official was convicted of crimes against humanity . but the move has been slammed by the man’s supporters, who have called for a nationwide general strike .
saudi special forces are on the ground in noncombat roles, a source says . they have helped parachute in weapons and communications equipment, the source says .
the 44-year-old tv star looked to be in mourning as she left her new york apartment on tuesday . on her morning show she said, 'he was such a great man... he was just a great person, a great friend, he will be missed - i cannot tell you how much i will miss him' on sunday it was announced that dr fredric brandt had committed suicide at his miami mansion .
nigel farage admits ukip support has 'slipped back a bit' in polls . but ukip leader says key campaign issues are 'back in play' with voters . he is facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind tories .
kezzia french, 46, thought she had laid six-month-old andrea to rest in 1999 . but she only found out a decade later that police had removed virtually all her vital organs . andrea died after being flung at a wall by her father, meyrick fowler . he was convicted of her manslaughter and jailed for four years .
the eagles palace hotel occupies a pristine location 90 minutes' drive from thessaloniki . the hotel is a labyrinth of terrace restaurants, cooling courtyards, beach bars and a large saltwater pool .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . eden hazard scored the winner and is expected to be named pfa player of the year on sunday . jose mourinho has praised hazard's exceptional talent and humility .
kuku kube was created by canada-based network365 . it is available for free on facebook, android, ios and on desktop browsers . players get a point for every correct square identified, but if they click or tap the wrong square they lose a point . scores lower than 11 are poor, scores between 15 and 20 is 'lower than average', 21 to 30 is considered normal or average, and a score higher than 31 means your eyesight is considered great .
european court of human rights rules russia did not breach father's right to family life when he was deported in 2011 . robert muradeli, 45, had never committed a crime more serious than traffic violations . but strasbourg court said russia did not breach any human rights rules .
high school students in china's jilin province forced to leave grounds to eat . teachers have banned all pre-packed lunches and cut lunch break from one hour to 30 minutes . students claim food cooked in school canteen is simply too horrible to eat .
liam stewart was set to make his senior great britain debut at the world championships in holland next week . the 20-year-old had been included in pete russell's 23-man party . stewart sustained a shoulder injury during spokane chiefs' western hockey league play-off series against everett .
bayern munich beat eintracht frankfurt 3-0 in the bundesliga on saturday . robert lewandowski scored twice and thomas muller added a third . the win keeps bayern one step closer to a third straight bundesliga title .
raheem sterling said he was not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool . the interview has almost certainly changed the way the fans feel about him . sterling has the potential to be worth so much more than the £100,000-a-week contract he’s turned down . he hasn’t been great recently and was awful against man utd .
us president barack obama says diplomacy is the best option to deal with iran's nuclear program . obama said he expects a 'robust debate' on the deal in the united states . iran and six world powers determined the outlines of a landmark agreement which would curb iran's nuclear program and potentially lift economic sanctions .
abby bishop was just 24 when she took in her two-day-old niece zala . now 20 months old, zala follows bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams, and will go with her to the u.s. this may when she starts playing for the seattle storm in the wnba . bishop had planned to spend a few years living in europe full-time playing basketball, but she had to adjust her plans to do what was best for zala .
young fisherman stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake . holds onto a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod . fish breaks the surface of the water and boy bravely puts his hand into the lake to catch it .
southampton lost 2-1 to stoke city at the britannia stadium on saturday . morgan schneiderlin opened the scoring with his first premier league goal since september . a mistake from saints goalkeeper kelvin davis allowed mame diouf to equalise .
david frum: u.s.-iran deal limits iran's nuclear program, effectively blocks it from building a nuclear weapon . frum: debate over new agreement will likely result in more heat than light .
aaron cresswell is one of just five players to play every minute of his team's premier league games this season . john stones has the best passing accuracy of any everton player this season - 90.8% . steven gerrard is one of just five players to play every minute of his team's premier league games .
jesse norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election . hereford mp described the allegations as 'nonsense' west mercia police said it was investigating reports of a breach of representation of the people act 1983 .
post office asked accountants second sight to investigate horizon it system . probe came after complaints from dozens of subpostmasters . they said they had been wrongly accused of theft, fraud and false accounting . now leaked report suggests discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures, cyber criminals or human error .
atletico madrid beat cordoba 2-0 in the champions league on saturday . antoine griezmann scored his 15th league goal of the season . saul niguez doubled atletico's lead in the 39th minute .
vicars say system is open to abuse and reject non-churchgoing families . many christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services . clergymen say affluent parents more likely to cheat system by going to church just to get their children into c of e schools .
the unidentified woman from greenpoint, brooklyn, was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage . she walked on to the kosciuszko bridge from the brooklyn side shortly before noon on monday . she climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet . two nypd patrol boats cruised 125 feet below the bridge on newtown creek, which connects greenpoint to maspeth, queens .
lane and sierra sharry were just about to become parents . sharry was eight months pregnant when he fell and hit his head .
four-month-old roscoe was caught on camera this week at the asheville humane society in north carolina taking some of his first steps . the rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees . as a result, he was forced to crawl around on his joints . however, thanks to more than $3,000 in public donations, the canine was able to have the life-changing operation he needed .
klaus-dieter scheurle urged aviation industry to develop system . could help prevent repeat of germanwings crash last month . investigators believe co-pilot locked captain out of cockpit . he deliberately crashed plane into french mountainside on march 24 .
worker spotted jet washing roof of semi-detached home in greenwich, london . local resident noticed lack of safety equipment and took snaps of him . building expert said workman should have at least had scaffolding .
madison hurd, 16, was hospitalized on monday with what was initially thought to be a stomach bug that turned into sepsis . nurses spent their day off doing hurd's nails, makeup and hair, getting music and a cake, and decorating her room with streamers and balloons . hurd's boyfriend flew in from alabama with a tux and a corsage .
denise fedyszyn, 37, tipped the scales at 20 stone 4lb and wore size 26 . left feeling mortified while on a family day out with her daughters anya and isla . fairground worker told her: 'you're too fat to ride, i can't fasten the seatbelt' joined weightwaters, changed her diet and took up exercise .
marcelo bosch kicked the match-winning penalty from long-range to snatch saracens a semi-final berth . racing metro 92 were dumped out of the competition with 10 seconds left on the clock . england's first team through to the final of the european rugby champions cup .
attacks on foreigners and their businesses rage on, killing at least six people this week . xenophobic violence has exploded in a country that tries to portray itself as a diverse "rainbow" attacks started after zulu king said foreigners should "pack their bags and go"
sydney woman, known only as missiesmile21, tapes posters to light posts . the 'love call' notes are appealing to the man with 'the most beautiful smile' who was in the area about '7:10 pm-ish' on tuesday evening . 'if you're single, let's grab a drink together,' the poster reads .
police in rhein erft, germany received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted 'happily' hopping through a field . the caller was questioned in detail and provided 'very believable' answers . it wasn't until the caller was questioned in detail that police realised they were telling the truth .
britain is now the second largest aid donor in the world . new eu accounting rules are being brought in which change the way national income is measured . new total includes estimates of parts of the black economy such as prostitution and drug running .
xana doyle, 19, was a passenger in the toyota avensis in newport, south wales . driver sakhawat ali, 23, was more than twice the drink-drive limit at the time . ali admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking .
doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust (uclh) are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure . a finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound (ebus) allows them to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go . it even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .
lilly pulitzer's 250-piece collection for target sold out almost immediately early sunday morning . pieces from the diffusion line have since popped up on ebay . re-sellers started earning bids at up to ten times the retail price, including a $150 hammock for $799 and a $34 maxi dress for $202.50 . within 24 hours, many more sold-out items became available on ebay for under $100, including a $9.99 makeup bag that sold for $19.99 .
john helm was commentating on bradford city's game against lincoln city . the fire at bradford city's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11, 1985 . martin fletcher has done with his book fifty-six, the story of the bradford fire .
wigan beat warrington 30-20 in the scottish derby at the dw stadium . dom manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days . ben flower made his return from a six-month suspension for punching lance hohaia in october's grand final defeat by st helens . sam tomkins was re-signed on a four-year deal from new zealand warriors .
jonathan pitre, 14, was born with epidermolysis bullosa - or 'butterfly skin' he is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal . one in every 17,000 people suffer from the genetic condition .
yorkshire terrier alfie was stolen with owner kirsty mitton's other dog, lillie . miss mitton, 23, put up 400 posters near home and launched appeal on facebook . rspca inspector stephanie law pulled over after near-miss and barking . when she opened cab door, alfie bounded in and started licking her face .
bojan krkic has been keeping a close eye on england's top-flight . the stoke striker has picked his premier league team of the season . the former ac milan and roma forward has been recovering in barcelona .
the u.s. says deploying warships to yemen gives it "options" for how it could react to iran's behavior . u.s. officials say the move is meant to reassure allies in the region .
investigators are scouring computer of germanwings co-pilot andreas lubitz . lubitz crashed the airbus a320 into the alps changing the aircraft's altitude to just 100 feet using the autopilot . investigators believe lubitz may have added a chemical to captain patrick sodenheimer's coffee to remove him from the flight deck .
lucian faggiano bought the building in lecce, puglia in the south of italy and planned to turn it into a trattoria . renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked . while trying to fix the toilet he dug into a messapian tomb, a roman granary, a franciscan chapel, and even etchings from the knights templar . instead of isolating the pipe, mr faggiano and his sons
deborah roberts, 53, forced tissue into phyllis hadlow's mouth to silence screams . she also poured water over dementia patient, telling other staff: 'my son said if they do it to you, you can do it to them' roberts found guilty of ill-treatment but avoided prison sentence .
manchester city face west ham united at the etihad stadium on sunday . manuel pellegrini has admitted for the first time he could be sacked if he finishes outside the champions league places this season . city have lost four of their last five games in the premier league .
sen. elizabeth warren says she's not running for president, but wants to see a middle class candidate . warren says she wants to see someone willing to fight for the middle class .
'security detachments were able to... detonate a car bomb left at the american consulate building that led to the killing and wounding of many of them,' isis said in a daily audio message posted online . the us state department said the bombing in ainkawa, near kurdish regional capital arbil, did not kill or wound any consular employees . an isis-spearheaded offensive overran large areas of iraq last year .
daniel o'reilly filmed his journey to sydney, via doha and melbourne . he chatted up air hostesses and mocked airport cleaners along the way . o'reilly came under fire last year after telling a female audience member at one of his shows she was 'gagging for a rape'
second election swiftly after polling day is 'extremely likely', expert says . professor paul whiteley of the university of essex said . he predicted a repeat of the disastrous left-wing lib-lib pact of the 1970s . it ended with labour prime minister james callaghan losing a vote of no confidence .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the champions league on wednesday . luis suarez scored a brace and neymar scored the opening goal . laurent blanc said barcelona were superior to his side 'in virtually every department' .
the 416sqm inner city block property boasts stunning views of the sydney harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace . the colonial georgian residence was built by whaling captain george grimes who constructed a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist conrad marten’s work in 1843 . the sandstone and brick cottage has a formal lounge and dining room with original fireplaces, high ceilings and an open-plan kitchen .
zlatan ibrahimovic has scored 17 goals for paris saint-germain this season . marco verratti has hailed the swedish striker for his 'essential' role . ibrahimovic was suspended for the club's champions league quarter-final first leg against barcelona last week .
jill scott was sent off for headbutting arsenal defender jade bailey . the manchester city ladies midfielder apologised for the incident . nick cushing described scott's actions as 'out of character' .
arsenal beat reading 1-0 in extra time to reach the fa cup final . alexis sanchez scored two goals for the defending champions . reading goalkeeper adam federici was left in tears after fumbling sanchez's shot through his legs and over the line .
ash handley scored a hat-trick as leeds beat st helens 41-16 on friday . the win takes leeds six points clear at the top of the super league . handley has six tries in just six appearances for the rhinos .
daryl clark left castleford tigers at the end of last season . the england hooker has kept a close eye on events at his old club . warrington wolves host castleford on easter monday .
toya graham, a single mom in baltimore, yanked her son from a riot . lz granderson: graham isn't an abusive mother spreading the gospel .
shane o'byrne and wife jaimie received fine after taking baby out in 2013 . ticket fell on floor just underneath driver's seat - invisible to council warden . couple exchanged letters with council over two years - eventually paying £400 . chichester council insist they followed correct procedures and made 'appropriate decision'
peter tait, headmaster of sherborne preparatory school in dorset, said parents have become 'dervishes' about their children's education . he said parents need to keep their distance and trust schools and teachers . mr tait warned such interference could end up hindering their natural development .
a raft of new h20 products have been launched . they include birch water and artichoke water . nutritional therapist lorna driver-davies explains the benefits .
brits spend £815m a year to ‘social media proof’ their wardrobe . almost a fifth would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing wearing the same thing online . men appeared to be the most social-conscious gender, spending an average of £61 to protect against this modern day anxiety .
gareth bale returns from international duty for real madrid . the welsh winger scored twice as wales beat israel 2-1 in euro 2016 qualifier . bale's goal was his 20th for the season in all competitions .
the motoring programme's website previously featured the broadcasting trio alongside the stig at the top of the page . but now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet . bbc say the change is to 'simply reflect the fact that all three presenters are currently out of contract on the show'
nicola sturgeon says ed miliband 'won't have the votes to say he is going to do what he likes' scottish first minister reiterates call for labour to 'lock the tories out' . comes after miliband said he would not enter into any deal with the snp . labour is expected to suffer heavy losses in scotland, where it won 41 seats in 2010 .
rafa benitez was appointed chelsea's interim manager in 2012 . the blues beat liverpool in two champions league semi-finals . chelsea finished 6th in the premier league in 2011/12 . benitez is set to leave napoli this summer . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
a 37-year-old arab motorist struck two people standing at a bus stop in jerusalem . one victim died at the hospital; a 20-year-old woman remains in serious condition .
moeen ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for liverpool's fan club in pakistan . the 27-year-old cricketer made the announcement on friday . ali joins former liverpool club doctor dr zaf iqbal, atp tour tennis player aisam-ul-haq and bbc asian network presenter noreen khan as pak reds ambassadors .
the story was written by princess victoria when she was just 10 years old . it tells the story of a 12-year-old girl who was sent away to boarding school . alice befriends a host of characters, including a 'poor little french orphan' the story will be published in june as 'the adventures of alice laselles by alexandrina victoria, aged 10 and 3 ⁇ 4'
the law bans the so-called 'dilation and evacuation' procedure and redefines it as 'dismemberment abortion' it also has been introduced in missouri, oklahoma and south carolina, though only kansas lawmakers have passed it . planned parenthood of kansas and mid-missouri is also considering a lawsuit .
indian salesman faces seven years in prison and a fine of up to £186,000 . the 41-year-old allegedly posted a 'blasphemous' status on his facebook page . he told police he was sent the image over whatsapp while at home . but he allegedly admitted to prosecutors he was the one who posted it .
mark jones is accused of killing 41-day-old amelia rose jones at her home . the baby died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital . jones, 45, denies murder at newport crown court .
peter thurston, 80, builds the 'catamavan' on the river swale in kent . he says his small yachts were too cramped for leisure cruising . so he built the vessel to take his mind off his recent divorce .
us president barack obama visited jamaica this week and posed with usain bolt . obama said he 'had to say hi' to bolt, the fastest sprinter of all time, when he became the first american president to visit the island since 1982 . bolt posted the video of him with obama to his instagram account on friday and said that it was 'truly a great honor' to meet him .
hawks guard/forward thabo sefolosha says police caused his injury . sefolosha suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage . he and teammate pero antic were arrested near the scene of a stabbing .
chuka umunna said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing' remarks highlighted divisions in labour's top ranks over the 50p rate . the snp has pledged to vote in favour of a 50p top rate if it holds balance of power after may 7 .
troy deeney gave watford the lead in the 37th minute . odion ighalo doubled middlesbrough's lead in the 65th minute . boro held on for a point for the first time this season in the championship .
ashley young, marouane fellaini and juan mata are performing well at old trafford . louis van gaal's side are third in the premier league table . radamel falcao and angel di maria were left on the bench .
floyd mayweather dismissed conor mcgregor's recent comments about being able to 'kill' the boxer within 30 seconds . mayweather claims mcgregor is just trying to gain some publicity . mcgregor fights jose aldo on july 11 .
nicola sturgeon says labour leader will soon 'change his tune' mr miliband insists he will not agree to 'confidence and supply' deal with snp . but he refused to rule out relying on snp votes to pass key legislation .
sabrina rubin erdely wrote a flawed article for rolling stone about a university of virginia student named jackie . jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at phi kappa psi fraternity two years ago . erdely has been silent since december, when the magazine was forced to issue an apology in the wake of several factual errors . the columbia journalism school is expected to release a review of the botched investigation sunday night .
the auditions for the nationwide search for a brit with very special talent will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen . but after the cameras subside, their show at the royal variety performance is over, and they've spent their £250,000 . we look back at the show's winners to decide whether nabbing the prize on bgt can make you a star for longer than your 15 minutes .
shaun worthington, 29, died instantly after his car veered into oncoming traffic . his car collided with a truck on the a614 near bridlington, east yorkshire . his mother jane allen said: 'no mother should have to go through what i have'
qpr drew 3-3 with aston villa at villa park on saturday afternoon . tony fernandes was watching the game from his iphone away from the game . fernandes revealed richard dunne and leroy fer could return for sunday's visit of chelsea .
big brother star has unveiled summer collection with honeyz.com . full of boho frocks, paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses . says that launching her own range is a 'dream come true' .
michael foster was appearing at a public 'hustings' in camborne and redruth . he objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by loveday jenkin . ms jenkin is standing for the cornish party mebyon kernow . mr foster said not many people in cornwall would be hit by a mansion tax .
tom mctevia, 42, was traveling with a group and driving his friend tina hoisington, 45, near an overlook at lake pend oreille in bonner county on sunday . when the group stopped for a photograph, mctevia's atv got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over . a firefighter reached the first victim's body after rappelling down 500 feet of rock, and the second victim was found 1,100 feet below the edge . mctevia
sally kohn: hillary clinton should announce april 14 is equal pay day . kohn: clinton is trying to portray herself as a populist fighter for the middle class .
the 78 irish travellers, who hail from just four families, refused to budge . they faced three different courts, a planning inquiry and a council . locals in hardhorn, lancashire, accused the group of trashing village . group claimed eviction 'violated' human rights of 39 children living there .
study by the london school of hygiene and tropical medicine . those who were overweight (with a bmi of 25 to 29) had an 18 per cent lower risk of dementia compared to those with a healthy bmi . obese (with a bmi of 30 plus) did even better; they were 24 per cent less likely to develop dementia . being underweight increased the dementia risk by 39 per cent .
one in five young professionals now considers themselves to have a problem . nearly half think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out . young people admitted to forgetting how they got home, driving themselves home drunk or getting in a car with someone they knew was intoxicated .
general motors has unveiled the chevrolet-fnr car . it has 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights' chevrolet said the car offered a ‘glimpse at mobility of the future’ . the car is self-driving, electric, and the front chairs can swivel round . and using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes .
raheem sterling has stalled over signing a new contract at liverpool . sam allardyce believes that paying sterling more than £100,000-per-week would risk unsettling the rest of the squad . liverpool boss brendan rodgers is extremely keen to keep hold of sterling .
the semi-final line-up for the champions league has been confirmed . real madrid and juventus beat barcelona and juventus in the last four . barcelona's momentum is key at this point in the season . bayern munich will draw barcelona in the semi-final .
alex perry has pulled out of presenting at mercedes-benz fashion week australia . the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week . perry is enjoying 'taking a breather' after focusing on his international efforts of late . this is only the second fashion week the designer has missed in two decades .
staff heard the baby crying in the ladies' toilet of a burger bar . the woman, yuan yen, 34, was found to have blood on her when she was approached . she refused to look at her baby or talk to police, who discovered her identity . the infant, weighing 2.6kg (5.7lb), was declared to be healthy .
indiana pacers chris copeland was stabbed after leaving a new york nightclub early wednesday . 2 atlanta hawks, who had just finished a home game hours before the incident, were arrested .
the quick silver p-51d mustang has been painstakingly restored by bill and scooter yoak as a tribute to u.s. servicemen who have died in combat . the p-51, nicknamed the resurrected veteran, was pieced together by bill yoak, who did all the metal work by hand .
mercedes boss toto wolff believes nico rosberg was back to his best . rosberg is 27 points adrift of mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton . hamilton won the bahrain grand prix to extend his championship lead .
russell brand has appealed to his nine million twitter followers to sign up to the mercy campaign to save bali nine duo from facing death row . brand labels andrew chan and myuran sukumaran's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of indonesia as 'daft' he urges fans to attend an exhibition of sukumaran's work organised by his cousin who lives in london to be held at amnesty international's london headquarters today .
elspeth mckendrick, 16, was diagnosed with asperger's syndrome in 2012 . she had built up a small circle of friends but was 'very much in denial' her parents said she was 'happy to be odd and eccentric' but she was 'very much in denial' about her condition . for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local samaritans branch or click here for details .
the flashgap app is free for ios and android devices . photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album after three seconds and only appear at midday the day after the event . all attendees of the event can see this album, and users can only delete photos they took themselves . any photos deleted from the album are deleted from all users' accounts .
bethune-cookman university student damian parks, 22, drowned in daytona beach on sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am . he was pulled out to see by a strong current and his body was found monday morning . but university administration 'heard rumors' that hazing was involved .
aaron hernandez is on trial for murder in the death of odin lloyd . his defense team has been representing him since june 2013 . his mother once asked permission from a court officer to touch her son once the jury left the room .
robin van persie scored twice as manchester united beat fulham 4-1 on tuesday night . joe rothwell added two more goals after robin van persie's opener . van persie missed seven matches with an ankle injury .
pensions minister steve webb has now urged people to take their time . he said over-55s ‘don’t have to rush this’ and insisted there was ‘a case for waiting and seeing’ . he said april 6 was the ‘starting gun’ and not a ‘deadline’ .
wilfried zaha signed for manchester united in 2013 for £10million . the winger was loaned back to crystal palace for the remainder of the season . zaha made just four appearances for united in two years at old trafford .
motiongate dubai is set to open for hunger games fans in october 2016 . the four million square foot attraction will include 27 rides and attractions . hunger games: mockingjay - part 2 is set to debut on nov 20, 2015 .
diplomatic cables warned of risk just days before mh17 disaster . but germany failed to pass on the warning, local media reported . ukrainian military plane shot down at 20,000 feet over rebel-held territory .
uco stormproof matches are made using an incredibly tough coating . it smoulders no matter what happens to them and will start burning again . the unique matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations . they include 25 matches in a completely waterproof case with and three strike pads .
anna, one, and indi, six, have been surfing since they were puppies . they use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while surfing . indi, who won a runners-up medal at a competition, has been trained to lift her paw to 'hang five'
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 at the parc des princes . luis suarez scored a brilliant double and neymar scored the opener . gregory van der wiel struggled to cope with neymar's trickery .
hawaii's legislature on friday passed a bill raising the minimum legal age to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes . dozens of cities and towns, including new york, have already raised the minimum legal age to 21 .
dan klice, 57, was officiating at ramapo college in mahwah, new jersey . police say he saw errant javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it . fall left his left heel exposed, which was hit by the soaring projectile .
winnie harlow, 19, suffers from vitiligo, the same rare skin condition that singer michael jackson was diagnosed with . she was pictured hand-in-hand with albino fashion star shaun ross on tuesday night . the pair attended a launch event for popular magazine at siren studios in hollywood, california .
stuart, 33, claimed he caught chlamydia from exhaust pipe on jeremy kyle show . ex-girlfriend sophie was outraged to discover she also had std . stuart denies using the bizarre excuse and says he never said it .
wayne rooney has been interviewed by little ant and dec for itv's saturday night takeaway programme . the manchester united striker admits he gets annoyed when supporters chant his name at him in the street . rooney enjoyed a kick-around with neil overend and hayden reid .
sunday's game at loftus road marks chelsea's 700th under roman abramovich's ownership . if the first 699 games under russian rule has established chelsea at the top of english and european football, mourinho believes the next 700 will see them supply more players for the english national team . mourinho believes chelsea’s adherence to financial fair play (ffp) rules positions them as standard bearers for the english game .
all 13 choristers at st peter and st paul church have now resigned . music director stephen hogger, 55, was sacked after falling out with senior figures . the 14th century church is famed for its timber-framed tudor buildings .
navinder sarao lived in parents' home because it gave him split-second advantage . semi-detached house in west london is closer to internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges . his thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in central london .
by 2030 up to 170 million hectares (420 million acres) of forest could be lost . this is equivalent to the combined size of germany, france, spain and portugal . research by wildlife charity the wwf identified 11 'deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur . the fronts are home to indigenous communities and endangered species .
peter quillin will challenge andy lee for wbo world title next weekend . the 31-year-old has never lost the belt in the ring . quillin has a 71 per cent knockout rate in his undefeated career .
a violent brawl has emerged between more than 70 teenagers in brisbane . the small scuffle escalated into an all-in fight as more teenagers joined in . police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm . the incident happened at the serbian community centre in willawong .
clermont auvergne face northampton in the champions cup semi-final . french side thrashed the english champions 37-5 in the last-eight tie . jonathan davies says clermont are relishing the match in saint etienne .
anti-islam protests in australia turned violent after clashes turned ugly . police were forced to separate the reclaim australia supporters and opponents of the group in melbourne . the protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal - must pay fees to islamic organisations for inspection and certification . recent figures show the halal sector could be worth $1.5 trillion worldwide by 2050 .
two-thirds of new uk fathers are now over 30 . men are able to produce sperm throughout their lives . however, the quality declines and this could have implications for the next generation .
jnco, the brand responsible for the huge wideleg 'rave' jeans, is set to make a comeback . the return of the impractical jeans has horrified many of the people who wore them the first time around . femail rounds up the retro fashion nineties and noughties trends that really should be left in the past .
carter and jack hanson of raleigh, north carolina, met robert harding, 89, on board the yorktown aircraft carrier in charleston, south carolina . mr harding served as an aircraft handler on the warship many decades before his twin brothers were born . the three friends had been in contact for about a year via email but only recently had the chance to meet on board the warship .
aidan turner has been signed up for a second series of poldark . cornwall-set drama helped bbc1 deliver its strongest start to a year . about 8.1million people on average have watched each episode .
the driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl who is standing middle of the road before hitting into her with a horrifying thud . astonishingly, the 15-year-old girl suffered minor injuries and has already been released from shellharbour hospital . witnesses have refused to come forward for fear of being punished for underage drinking .
a video from the philadelphia office of transportation shows characters in 'safety suits' talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one's phone . the campaign is aimed at 18 to 25-year-olds who are most likely to be hit by cars while on their phones . 37 pedestrians died from being hit by cars last year .
social media users have taken to snapchat to share their rainy day adventures . the worst weather in five years continues to whip nsw . cronulla sharks and south sydney rabbitohs were drenched in water .
a total of 30 new confirmed cases of ebola were reported in the week of april 5 . reports are mixed on stopping the virus completely in liberia and sierra leone . in guinea, of the 19 confirmed deaths from april 5, seven were only identified as ebola post-mortem .
ringo starr is the final beatle to be inducted as a solo act . john mayer hailed his longtime idol, the late vaughan . yoko ono expressed feeling that it was wonderful for starr to be honored .
carlo ancelotti and diego simeone were runners-up at ballon d'or in january . ancelotti has been knocked out of the copa del rey by simeone . real madrid face atletico madrid at the bernabeu on sunday .
captain of flight ai611 complained co-pilot misbehaved and struck him . air india insists altercation was limited to verbal argument, and there was no physical violence .
ellie grant, 22, developed tourette's syndrome aged 21 . she worried she'd never find a boyfriend who would put up with her tics . but months later, she found perfect match in deaf fiance jordan . he switches off his hearing aid whenever she has a series of loud tics . she blurted out 'silver fox' at phillip during pre-recorded interview .
ash from calbuco volcano spreads east into argentina . geologists warn of potential for more activity .
mike brown has not played since the final round of the rbs 6 nations on march 21 . the full back was knocked out in the test against italy five weeks earlier following a crunching collision with italy’s andrea masi . brown is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in dubai .
the 68-year-old says he has lost his flair for political campaigning . he says becoming a grandparent has tamed the angry side of his personality . the couple had long spoken of their desire to have a grandchild .
survey of 757 parents was carried out by mumsnet, the uk’s largest internet community for parents . it found 37 per cent of parents had not told their children how to dial 999 . 65 per cent of parents said their children did not know the difference between 999 and 911, the emergency number in the us .
six infrared cameras mounted around the f-35 lightning ii jet allow its pilots to 'look through' the frame of the aircraft . all of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed, altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet's visor . the helmet is incredibly expensive and each piece of high-tech headgear costs nearly half a million dollars .
michael essien left chelsea to join ac milan in january 2014 . essien still owns a range rover vogue stolen from his surrey home . two other vehicles, a mercedes and a bmw, were stolen from a neighbour .
paul nuttall, ukip’s education spokesman, appeared in manifesto . he was holding a book called ‘british rebels and reformers’ . vintage hardback is listed on amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book . mr nuttall later took to twitter to joke about the photoshop allegations .
nicholas connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the houston rockets and dallas mavericks nba playoffs game . when nicholas finished, the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him . the heartwarming moment was caught on camera .
saturday’s total lunar eclipse will turn the moon a burnt reddish orange . it will be visible in north america, asia and australia on easter weekend . the sight was predicted in the bible and hints at a world-changing event, such as the return of christ, according to one us pastor . nasa is quick to point out that the change in hue is entirely harmless .
ap mccoy will jump his final fence this weekend when the legendary jockey bows out at sandown . to mark his retirement we've got some brilliant stats and little-known facts . mccoy has won 20 consecutive champion jump jockey titles .
retired lt col richard 'dick' cole, 99, gave the medal to the museum's director in a ceremony attended by military and political officials and relatives of the original 80 raiders . the medal, which was awarded by congress earlier in the week, arrived in a ceremonial b-25 flight . last month, retired staff sgt david thatcher, 93, came from missoula, montana, for the event, and said the medal was for all 80 .
joanna goodall stole £19,000 from a premier inn hotel in newcastle . 30-year-old forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds . bosses noticed the high level of refunds and cctv showed goodall taking money from the till . she was given a nine-month suspended sentence but ordered to pay back just £1 .
shadow welsh secretary owen smith regrets party cannot 'get rid' of deterrent . three quarters of labour candidates back scrapping trident nuclear deterrent . but party has committed to maintaining deterrent in its election manifesto .
a savannah baby and a baby in atlanta has been awarded $1,529 for college expenses as part of a state sweepstake draw before even turning 10-hours-old . levi jarrett millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. wednesday, making him this year’s first tax day baby at memorial university medical center . the donation, made by path2college 529 plan, is given to the first child born each year on tax day at memorial .
a new series, chaos caught on camera, premieres on the science channel on monday, april 13 . the adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage . each natural or man-made occurrence is then deconstructed with graphics, illustrating and explaining the incredible facts behind each freak catastrophe .
discount supermarket aldi is under fire for failing to notify customers of a 0.5 percent surcharge on credit card fees . the australian securities and investments commission (asic) took action against the supermarket last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose the surcharge . aldi told the regulator it would put up signs at the entrance of stores and at registers to notify shoppers of the surcharge . some stores still do not have signs at entrances and signs at the registers warning of the surcharge are in tiny print .
marina lyons, 80, took her dog rosie to the pdsa petaid hospital in hull for surgery to remove her spleen after a scan detected a tumour . when she returned home with the ten-year-old lhasa apso she noticed lots of bruising on its back . not satisfied, she took the dog for a second opinion when the burns were discovered .
british physicist stephen hawking has sung monty python's galaxy song . the song is being released digitally and on vinyl for record store day 2015 . it is a cover of the song from 1983 film monty python's meaning of life . professor hawking, 73, appeared on film alongside professor brian cox . in the video, professor hawking ‘runs over’ professor cox before taking to the sky and making his trip through the universe .
youtube user lionel hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest . footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top .
night wolves biker gang banned from entering poland for wwii memorial ride . polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the gang . vladimir putin describes the russian bikers as his 'friends' .
rangers have reassured fans that the club still owns trademarks and the badge . the ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims mike ashley’s firm had taken ownership of intellectual property, including the club’s famous crests . the club are satisfied the position stems solely from the security attached to the loan from sports direct, accepted by the former regime in january .
joseph koetters, a former english teacher at marlborough school in los angeles, is being sued by an unnamed former student . the lawsuit alleges that when koetters was in his early-to-mid 30s he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16-year-old student . koetters was arrested in february and charged with two counts of oral copulation of a person under 18 and two counts of sexual penetration by a foreign object .
christine bleakley has been in a relationship with frank lampard for five years . the irish tv presenter says it has been a 'well-thought-out' process . but she admits that it has been a slow and carefully thought-out process . frank and christine are engaged to be married after meeting at pride of britain awards five years ago .
cody knecht, of st. tammany fire district in louisiana, was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain . in the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway . during the video, the noise made by the phone is responded to with chirps from the ducklings .
dave tyler, 72, captured these stunning pictures showing the ferocious activity on the sun's surface during its solar maximum . the retired engineer designed and built his own observatory in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system . tyler first became interested in astronomy after seeing the first episode of the bbc's sky at night in 1957 .
a survey by social networking and dating site skout revealed that grilled cheese lovers have more sex . 32% of lovers of grilled cheese have sex at least six times a month . 81 per cent of those who love grilled cheese love to travel .
andrew o'clee, 36, wed michelle agbulos in 2008 and married another woman . he then forged divorce papers so his family would attend second wedding . o'clee claimed he had been put on witness protection programme . but first wife michelle found out when she saw footage on facebook . he was jailed for eight months at chichester crown court yesterday .
90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14 . the 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week . shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of a&e visits .
boeing 777-300er was travelling from guangzhou, china, to addis ababa . plane diverted to chhatrapati shivaji international airport to refuel . plane turned around over the arabian sea and returned to mumbai .
culture and media secretary sajid javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to online pornography . promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place . if porn websites fail to comply, they will be blocked by a powerful new regulator which will be able to issue financial penalties . mr javid's pledge is a victory for the daily mail's block online porn campaign .
chris lane was shot in the back with a .22 calibre handgun in duncan, oklahoma, in august 2013 . his parents, donna and peter lane, listened to a frantic seven-minute 911 call made by a witness who witnessed their son collapse . chancey luna, 17, was charged with first-degree murder . family and friends, including mr lane's former girlfriend sarah harper, broke down as they listened to the call .
notts county have appointed ricardo moniz as their new manager . moniz pulled out of the running at the end of march due to 'family reasons' the 50-year-old dutchman has six games to save his new side from relegation . dave kevan will be moniz's assistant at meadow lane .
anders lindegaard married misse beqiri in a romantic beach wedding in mauritius . the danish goalkeeper has struggled for minutes at manchester united . lindegaard has been linked with a move away from old trafford .
tony pulis wants to bring neil taylor and bakary sako to the hawthorns . west brom finished 10th and 8th under roy hodgson and steve clarke . the baggies are currently one point above the relegation zone .
michael o'leary said ryanair will cut its fares by as much as 15 per cent . airline boss said its average fare could be as low as €40 (approximately £26) . o'leary said he despises the 'french political class' but loves france and the french .
brain scans on professional comedians revealed differences in the way the brains of these 'super speakers' work while talking . the super speakers showed less activity in a key area of the brain involved articulating and comprehending speech . this suggests that this group were putting less effort into the basic mechanics of speech, allowing them to devote more resources to what they were going to say next .
dorian poe, 11, from burlington, ontario, has autism and so does his pet polar bear tikko . tikko has traveled the world carrying a message of understanding and tolerance for those affected by autism . he was inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who sent her teddy bear in her place .
tesco’s clothing brand f&f has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market . the dress is simple enough to be worn again rather than stashed away in a cupboard and forgotten . aside from the lace bust, the dress is a mixture of nylon, cotton and polyester .
tory leader hit back at presenter andrew marr after being baffled by questions . cameron turned the clock back to ape john major’s election soapbox . he promised at the weekend that he would ‘take to the streets’ to defend the tory record .
the tragedy happened at fort lauderdale executive airport on sunday . the pilot declared an emergency shortly before the plane crashed . the plane crashed into a wooded area close to the runway before bursting into flames .
west spruill has been charged with murdering ann charle, 36, on monday evening in the bronx . the mother-of-two was walking towards her car when spruill allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her honda . police say spruill sexually assaulted charle in her car, but she managed to escape and ran naked down the street . but spruill, who was also naked, allegedly chased after her and shot her three times - in the head and in her chest .
the 42-year-old mother-of-three from mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge . starting at high school, she would go on to become the first woman to referee in a big ten stadium and a bowl game .
david pocock scored a hat-trick of tries for australian super rugby team . miranda devine had assumed a gesture pocock had made after scoring a try was 'jazz hands' but the former australian captain was actually doing sign language for a friend, which pocock pointed out in reply . devine then quickly changed her tune and apologised for being so harsh with her initial judgement .
grace mann, 20, was found choked to death in her virginia home last week . her parents, melissa and thomas mann, have paid tribute to her . mann was described as compassionate and principled by her father . he said: 'she just wanted the world to be a beautiful place, a safe place' . her third roommate, steven vander briel, 30, has been charged with murder .
the youngster's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on merrimac drive, langley park, as usual on sunday evening . but when she went to retrieve it the following morning, it had reportedly disappeared . prince george's county police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot . they're asking anyone with information about the case to contact investigators .
india mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after horse bolted in matheran . youngster was rushed to hospital but doctors declared her dead on arrival . she had been riding just metres ahead of her father and a member of staff . police said staff and girl's father managed to control horse and rushed india to a nearby primary health centre .
graeme finlay, 53, went on trial after ron phillips, 70, and his wife june, 69, were knocked unconscious in the incident . the frail couple accused finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with a gash to his forehead and his wife with two fractured vertebrae . but the 16-stone gas worker insisted he only acted in self-defence when hit by mr phillips wielding his crutch and denied attacking his wife .
jaime singleton launched the change.org petition after seeing a baby elephant tied up at marina phuket resort in thailand . the elephant is a 'mascot' for the resort and is forced to perform tricks for guests . the campaign has received 50,627 signatures and the target is 75,000 . ms singleton said the resorts don't own the elephants and instead rely on private contractors who 'rent' them out .
paul gascoigne scored a ferocious free-kick against tottenham in 1991 . the goal has gone down as one of the all-time great goals at wembley . gascoigne's england goal against scotland at euro 96 is another of his .
a group of 117 migrants arrived in sicily on tuesday after fleeing libya at the weekend . the migrants, mostly from sub-saharan africa, were rescued by a tugboat . the tragedy adds to the mounting death toll among those fleeing war and poverty in africa and the middle east . since 2000, almost 22,000 people have died fleeing across the mediterranean, according to the iom .
group working in the north-west has been accused of filming attacks . one teenager told police he was beaten up by the gang in atherton, greater manchester . the 19-year-old thought he was meeting a 14-year-old girl on internet . but when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men who accused him of being a paedophile .
pressure on the education system has intensified following a baby boom . forced schools to boost class sizes and add classrooms . local government association warns they may not be able to create more places at the rate needed .
farryn johnson was fired from a maryland hooters in 2013 - and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling . johnson claims the baltimore restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights . an arbitrator determined johnson was let go illegally and as a result of racial discrimination . he also reportedly said hooters violated state civil rights laws, as well as federal ones .
leila alavi was stabbed to death with a pair of scissors in sydney's west . the 26-year-old apprentice hairdresser had taken out an apprehended domestic violence order against her ex-husband mokthar hosseiniamraei . ms alavi reportedly agreed to meet him on the day she was found dead . she had moved into her apartment in a desperate move after being refused from several women's shelters .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news. you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call.
elizabeth elena laguna salgado, 26, from chiapas, mexico, was last seen leaving a language school in provo, utah, april 16 . her uncle, rosemberg salgado, from california, begged for help from anyone with information on her whereabouts . he called his niece a ‘beautiful angel’ and an optimistic, spiritual woman who just finished a mormon mission in mexico .
12-year-old bluey has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow . she has reached a maximum of 93 decibels - more than the official record holder . despite her fearsome sound, bluey is said to be gentle and loving . she is currently in a rehoming centre in cambridge looking for a new owner .
alastair kellock will retire from rugby at the end of the season . kellock has made over 200 appearances for glasgow and edinburgh . the 33-year-old admits that the odds were stacked against him even being a rugby player as he grew up in football-mad bishopbriggs .
andy murray attended barcelona's champions league quarter-final second leg clash against psg on saturday . the british no 1 watched lionel messi and co defeat psg 2-0 . murray is currently training with jonas bjorkman at the nou camp .
the incident took place in the city of bhiwandi, a suburb of mumbai . the boy, who suffered 30 per cent burns to his body, managed to escape . a case has been registered under sections 307 (attempt to murder), 377 (sodomy) and relevant sections of the protection of children from sexual offences act 2012 .
arsene wenger hopes burnley escape relegation from the premier league . burnley beat arsenal 1-0 at turf moor on saturday . wenger has been praised by burnley boss sean dyche this season .
the death toll in syria has doubled in a year . well over half of syrians are in dire need of survival aid, the u.n. says .
mary ann diano, 62, was left homeless when the storms hit staten island, new york, in october 2012 . she and her partner dennis krauss lost their homes in the storm . ms diano was swept away by a wave and landed in the branches of a tree . she was hauled to safety by a kind stranger who saw she was about to touch a live wire and risk being electrocuted . the loving couple said they don't consider the winnings as money .
nicola sturgeon said she would back transfer of tax powers to holyrood 'as soon as possible' but labour leader jim murphy warned it would leave a £7.6billion hole in scotland's budget . the first minister refused to rule out a snap second referendum on independence .
police say they are looking into whether kenneth stancil iii is part of a white supremacist gang . lane's relatives say he was gay, cnn affiliate wncn reports .
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix for the fourth time this season . nico rosberg finished second, a place ahead of ferrari's sebastian vettel . hamilton claimed his second win of the season and his fourth in china .
uss independence sunk off california's farallon islands on july 1, 1946 . it survived atomic bomb test and was decommissioned in august 1946 . radioactive hull was taken to san francisco five years later . experts found it with its hull and deck very well preserved and visible . there also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the aircraft carrier .
isis beheads six men accused of exploding car bomb in syrian city of al-mayadin . gruesome six-minute long video shows men being marched to wooden stump . they are then executed in front of large crowd of men and young boys . militant carries out brutal retaliation by taking their heads off with blade . footage cuts from merciless killings to shots of injured children and adults .
badou jack outpointed anthony dirrell to take the wbc super-middleweight title . the swede will face mandatory challenger george groves for the title . jack has won three straight fights after being stopped in the first round by derek edwards in 2014 .
the 77 brigade is in disarray after failing to enlist the right personnel . brigade launched with great fanfare in january in response to jihadis’ mastery of online propaganda . even when fully operational, the brigade will number just 454 regular and reservist troops .
chelsea clinton is opening up about motherhood, life in the public eye and why the united states needs a female president . 'one of our core values in this country is that we are the land of equal opportunity, but when equal hasn't yet included gender, there is a fundamental challenge there that, i believe, having our first woman president—whenever that is—will help resolve,' said clinton . hillary clinton is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this sunday .
molly schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes, three side salads, three rolls and three shrimp cocktails . she also broke her own big texan record of two 72-ounce steaks and sides, set last year .
slovakia defeated the czech republic 1-0 in a friendly in zilina . ondrej duda scored the winning goal after the interval . it was the 20-year-old midfielder's second international goal . it was the third victory for slovakia in the 10th match against the czechs since czechoslovakia's split in 1993 .
women are abandoning traditional diamond in favour of more exotic gems . value of some coloured stones has increased by more than 2,000 per cent . celebrities such as kate middleton have driven the craze . a-list stars beyonce, naomi watts, rosamund pike and mila kunis have also flashed gems .
sir jeremy heywood has ordered an official probe into leaked memo . nicola sturgeon denies saying she hoped david cameron would win the election . she told supporters in glasgow today that she had written to sir jeremy . ms sturgeon called on ed miliband to commit to 'locking out' cameron .
the rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $10 million to $5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder . knight's attorney matthew fletcher said he believes floyd mayweather will bail him out when he wins on saturday . the 48-year-old has been plagued by medical ailments since being charged with murder and attempted murder in january .
victoria, 41, wore skyscraper heels to cheer on son romeo, 12 . accessorised with ala ⁇ a boots, which retail at approximately £1,500 .
sheila elkan, 84, lives in house featured in 1970s tv series margo leadbetter's home . great-grandmother-of-five has resided at the home in north-west london since 1986 . ms elkan says: 'from what i have seen i think cameron is best man to give good life'
tory london mayor warns against letting snp dictate direction of uk . likened it to 'asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery' nicola sturgeon launched snp manifesto boasting she can 'lead the uk' with polices on british foreign policy, benefits, energy bills and english university tuition fees .
robbie mcnamara was injured in a fall from bursledon in a handicap hurdle . jockey was due to partner last year's cheltenham gold cup winner lord windermere in the crabbie's grand national at aintree . mcnamara broke eight ribs, cracked six vertebrae and has no feeling in his legs .
josh meekings was served with a retrospective notice of complaint by compliance officer tony mcglennan after handling a goal-bound header from celtic's leigh griffiths . celtic wrote to the sfa to seek 'clarification' on the reasons for referee steven mclean missing the first-half incident . inverness vowed to 'vigorously defend' their player in a bid to clear him for the final against falkirk on may 30 .
oskar groening, 93, is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder . eva pusztai-fahidi, 89, says seeing him in court is 'a kind of satisfaction' comes after another auschwitz survivor forgave groening last week . she publicly embraced him in court in extraordinary act of forgiveness .
shibu inu was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting a husky dog . the two dogs begin yapping, whining and barking at one another . passers-by at american kennel club centre laugh and film the dogs .
manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace at the etihad stadium . glenn murray and jason puncheon scored the goals that secured victory . city are now nine points behind premier league leaders chelsea .
a video uploaded by youtube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen . as the motorized plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg the infant can barely believe her eyes .
juventus face as monaco in the champions league on tuesday . massimiliano allegri is expecting a 'boring' game in turin . juventus have conceded just four goals in eight games .
temitope adebamiro, 35, was charged with first-degree murder on friday . police were called to a home in bear, delaware, early on thursday morning . they found adeyinka adebamiro, 37, unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes . adebamiro and the victim had been married for more than ten years .
desperate for a grandchild, xu bought a wife for his son through a middleman . six months after wang 'married' into the family, xu discovered she was infertile . xu tried to impregnate the 'daughter-in-law' himself after realising she was infertile . resold the wife to another family after failing to get pregnant himself . xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking in eastern china .
italian artist johannes stoetter has painted two naked models to look like a chameleon . the 37-year-old intertwined the models to create the multicoloured effect . stoetter has previously transformed models into frogs and parrots .
fight broke out at a bar opening at resorts world casino in queens . hundreds of patrons were hoping for an iced daiquiri at the time . two women allegedly dragged their group of friends into the conflict . three men were arrested in the aftermath of the brawl, which injured four security guards and a police officer .
equipment developed by elbit systems working with israeli ministry of defense . it will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors . the sensors were so precise there would be 'no false alarms' decision comes after the israeli army considered 700 proposals .
afzal khan is accused of conning customers and financial firms . federal agents hunting the 32-year-old fear he may have fled the country . flamboyant khan opened the emporio motor group in new jersey in 2013 . appeared on us reality series the real housewives of new jersey .
new: senate passes medicare reform bill 92-8 . the bill includes a permanent solution to the "doc fix" the issue of payments to medicare providers has been a thorny issue for years .
move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world's biggest software company . microsoft said at its annual build conference on wednesday that it will release new programming tools for software developers to adapt their apple and android apps . new operating system will run on the 'broadest types of devices ever' .
judy, 55, doesn't play tennis to stay in shape, 'because my life is saturated with it' instead, she tries anything from dancing, to pilates, to walking in the hills or gardening .
a virtually cloud-free satellite image from the european space agency’s metop-b satellite has been released . parts of scotland and wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6c . thousands flocked to the beaches in brighton which to enjoy the sunny weather and highs of 14.9c . forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot air from the mediterranean .
the 50-year-old man collapsed and died at his hotel in the tourist town of kuta . he was unable to be revived, but a doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack . an autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death, although external examinations suggest that he suffered a heart attack .
kieran hayler cheated on katie price with two of her best friends last year . katie now has two children with the 28-year-old and regularly checks his phone . close friend sam bailey said: 'katie panics if she sees kieran hanging around any women. she's scared he's going to run off with them'
four out of four people have little or no knowledge about the battle of waterloo . only half know the duke of wellington led the british forces in 1815 . one in seven believe the french were victorious over the british .
indonesia orders preparations for execution of 10 inmates on death row . inmates, including maid mary jane veloso and australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran, had petitions for clemency denied by president joko widodo in late 2014 . the executions, which will be carried out by firing squad, were planned for earlier this year but were postponed after several inmates filed separate legal challenges .
the daxing internet addiction treatment centre claims to have 'cured' 75 per cent of its 6,000 patients . the doctor behind the facility is tao ran, regarded as china’s leading expert in internet addiction . 90 per cent of his patients are clinically depressed from a lack of normal social interaction . many have back and eyesight problems due to spending up to 14 hours a day staring at screens, and a third suffer from eating disorders .
oscar hasn't completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since mid-january . jose mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive . cristiano ronaldo had made it clear he expected real madrid to be more adventurous in the bernabeu . oscar hasn't completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since mid-january . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
housing association tenants currently pay £150 a week to live in london flats . but conservatives plan to extend right-to-buy scheme to 1.3million homes . they could now get discount of up to £102,000 after living in them for cheap rents .
glorious kefalonia has been invaded by romans, the venetians, the ottoman empire, the french, british and, during the second world war, the italians and germans . the present settlers have stoutly resisted the encroachment of mass tourism . instead of fast-food restaurants you will find charming family-run tavernas that make this island a foodie heaven .
two-time olympic medalist nathan baggaley has been taken back into custody . the 39-year-old was allegedly caught with two other men in a toilet cubicle with white powder on easter friday . mr baggaley was arrested when he reported for bail earlier this week . he was charged with assaulting a police officer, resisting police and escaping custody .
david rylance, 47, stole more than £50,000 from his dying mother, margaret . her concerns were put down to her having alzheimer's disease . but in reality he had been slowly siphoning the money away . he spent it on gambling, a holiday and cinema tickets for himself . a £13,000 fee to move his mother into a care home had to be paid . rylance admitted theft and fraud and was jailed for two years and three months .
animals are most at risk in south america, australia, and new zealand . shrinking habitats and barriers to migration compound the problem . extinction rate will speed up in line with rising temperatures . but if global warming maintains its current trajectory and a 4.3 degree increase, that could increase to 16% .
charlie austin is yet to receive an england call-up despite scoring 17 premier league goals for qpr . harry kane, danny welbeck and daniel sturridge have all scored in england's recent 1-1 draw with italy . qpr boss roy hodgson has been accused of big-club favouritism .
greece has more islands in its portfolio than one - in fact there are more than 6,000 . the number of inhabited islands is counted at anything from 166 to 227 . kefalonia was the setting for louis de bernières's novel captain corelli's mandolin .
javier hernandez scored the only goal in 180 minutes between the sides to settle the two-legged derby . atletico madrid were forced to play with 10 men after arda turan was sent off in the 76th minute . cristiano ronaldo's side had twice as much of the ball as atletico's rivals .
a guard is shot at least once in the upper body, a fire spokesman says . a shootout ensues, police say .
hillary clinton will hold her first low-key campaign event on tuesday at kirkwood community college in monticello, iowa . 'she's going to push some emotional thing on us,' predicted student hallie corum in between classes . corum declined to be photographed, flashing an impish grin .
sian harkin, 54, abused position of authority by using school chequebook . claimed work was to be carried out at llwyncelyn primary school in porth . but it was actually carried out at her home in pontypridd, wales . in total, she signed six cheques totalling £30,000 to builder lee slocombe . slocombe was jailed for 43 months earlier this year for fraud .
keepers at the columbus zoo say ten-year-old irisa had mated before but never conceived . however, this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets . while the birth on tuesday morning went smoothly, irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator .
clark elmore was convicted of killing his stepdaughter kristy ohnstad in 1995 . he said she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child . elmore confessed to killing her in graphic taped confession . the 9th us circuit court of appeals confirmed the ruling was correct .
thiago silva says lionel messi, luis suarez and neymar are the best in the world . psg face barcelona in the champions league quarter-final this week . psg won the french league cup on saturday with a 4-0 win over bastia .
andrew anderson, 43, was accused of forcing social worker julie mcgoldrick, 53, to the floor, injuring her wrist . judge said chaotic scenes made it hard to blame anyone .
harry kane has been nominated for the pfa player of the year award . eden hazard is the red hot favourite to land the award . mauricio pochettino believes kane deserves to win the award . kane could become the first spurs player to score 30 goals in a season since gary lineker achieved the feat 27 years ago .
bayern munich face bayer leverkusen in the german cup quarter-final . pep guardiola will be without bastian schweinsteiger and arjen robben . bayern boss believes jerome boateng is one of the best centre backs in the world .
authorities in muskogee, oklahoma announced on wednesday that they were searching for other potential victims . william 'frankie' dugan, 29, and 32-year-old valerie ojo were charged in march after they allegedly committed forcible sodomy, incest and exploitation against two children . dugan and ojo allegedly performed sex acts on the children and forced them to carry out sordid acts on each other .
victorino chua, 49, has given evidence for the first time and denied he tampered with saline bags and ampoules at stepping hill hospital . chua denies murdering tracey arden, 44, arnold lancaster, 71, and derek weaver, 83, and deliberately poisoning 18 others between 2011 and 2012 . prosecution claim chua changed tack in january 2012 amid an ongoing police investigation and increased security .
penny wong's partner sophie allouache gave birth to baby hannah on good friday . ms wong shared the news with her 100,000 twitter followers on tuesday . it is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter alexandra in 2011 . hannah was conceived through ivf by the same man who helped them become parents to alex .
nick clegg was heckled by protesters in surbiton, south-west london . they chanted: 'nick clegg lied to me, he said uni would be free' mr clegg ignored protesters as he stuck to his message . came after he launched furious attack on 'ideological' cuts planned by tories . he said: 'i find it socially and morally unacceptable, but also economically a disaster'
the annual water temple fair in jiangnan, china, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune . boat races, drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of jia xing . one of the highlights of the carnival is the net boat fair which showcases the unique culture of jiangnan water people .
nasa’s mars reconnaissance orbiter captured a shot of curiosity near the base of mount sharp in gale crater . but the rover’s tracks are not visible - possibly because they have been swept away by the martian weather . the image was taken using the high-resolution imaging science experiment (hirise) camera on the martian satellite . it is the fourth rover to visit mars and took around seven minutes to land on the red planet .
ali gordon, 26, and lydia millen, 27, met on instagram two years ago . he liked one of lydia's pictures and the pair have been dating for two years . ali taught lydia how to train hard and eat clean, getting her to ditch unhealthy habits and focus on getting fit .
england lost by 37 runs on day four of the second test in grenada . joe root scored 182 not out in the morning session . the west indies finished with a 165-run deficit at stumps .
george north will miss northampton's game against clermont auvergne . the winger has suffered a third head injury in the space of two months . northampton have sent him to see a neurosurgeon ahead of saturday's game . rory lamont has called for north to be rested for six months .
susan house survived the blast as she went for a walk with her dogs . the 55-year-old's farmhouse in theddlethorpe, lincolnshire, exploded . two of the walls were blown out and the rest of the house was damaged . ms house, who lives on the same street as the blast, was out walking dogs .
sophie english was born at the height of the vietnam war and adopted by an australian family . there has been very little information to help ms english find her birth mother who made the heartbreaking decision to give her up . for more than 40 years she has had many questions about her heritage . ms english was finally given a chance to find closure with abc reporter sally sara who travelled with her to vietnam in search of answers .
danny cipriani helped sale to a 23-6 victory against gloucester last saturday . cipriani is currently relaxing in dubai before sale's last four games . sale are currently seventh in the aviva premiership standings .
ba and easyjet among airlines set to scrap hundreds of flights . walk-out will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours . experts fear up to half of flights between uk and france could be axed .
arsenal thrashed liverpool 4-1 on saturday with goals from hector bellerin, mesut ozil, alexis sanchez and olivier giroud . the gunners are seven points behind premier league leaders chelsea . wenger says arsenal will have to be perfect until the end of the season .
italian newspaper la gazzetta dello sport criticised theo walcott's display . england captain wayne rooney, andros townsend and substitute ross barkley have all been awarded seven out of 10 for their performances against italy . antonio conte and southampton striker graziano pelle receive high praise for the azzurri's 1-1 draw with england .
michel vorm set to deputise for hugo lloris against burnley on sunday . lloris suffered knee injury in tottenham's 4-3 win over leicester . spurs boss mauricio pochettino has praised vorm's attitude .
dan bilzerian forced into short film to avoid jail after being arrested . he was accused of placing homemade explosives in a tractor . bilzerian says: 'as an avid shooter remember to shoot responsibly'
kyle wittstock, 22, died on monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door . mr wittstock left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter . he posted pictures of his view from the air just hours before he lost control of his powered paramotor .
roberto soriano opened the scoring for ac milan just before the hour mark with an emphatic finish from the top of the box . nigel de jong's spectacular overhead kick took a massive deflection off alfred duncan's leg . milan were back level on 74 minutes when de jong's spectacular effort found the back of the net .
147 people were killed when al-shabaab opened fire at a college campus in garissa . many kenyans had believed that security had improved enough . but the number of people killed in the massacre is plaguing kenyans with self-doubt .
chelsea have won all three of their matches following the international break . everton lead the post-international premier league table with three wins from three . manchester united and southampton are the only unbeaten sides .
suzanne crough portrayed youngest daughter tracy on "the partridge family" tracy played tambourine and percussion in the traveling band . the show aired from 1970-74 .
chinese television host bi fujian was filmed cursing the late chairman mao zedong . the 75-second clip was uploaded to weibo on monday .
the clip, which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube . 'in happy valley, oregon, livin' it wed, bought our first house and started to build our homestead,' melissa says in the clip . the original song for the popular nbc sitcom, sung by star will smith, details how his character grew up in west philadelphia .
yaya toure has been linked with a move away from manchester city . the 31-year-old has struggled to hit top form for the champions . toure admits he is open to 'new challenges' at the etihad stadium .
paolo dybala has been linked with arsenal and juventus . the argentine forward has scored 13 serie a goals this season . liverpool are also thought to be interested in the 21-year-old .
a golden eagle gate-caught a football training session in north vancouver . the bird approached a football and gave it a peck before enjoying a solo kick-about . excited by the movement, it runs after it and rolls the ball to the left . it then jumps up onto the ball with both feet and balances for a moment .
andy murray will marry fiancée kim sears in dunblane on saturday . the scot lost to novak djokovic in the miami open final on sunday . james corden is the only non-british player likely to attend .
england face italy in a friendly in turin on tuesday night . michael carrick has been unappreciated in england this season . roy hodgson's side need to focus on euro 2016 qualifiers first .
five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the super slide' at the royal easter show . the slide was closed earlier that night after heavy rain made it too dangerous . a group of eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre slide . a 22-year-old woman broke both her legs, a 60-year-old man suffered broken ribs and internal bleeding while a 23-year-old woman also broke her leg and a 33-year-old man possibly broke his arm .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in real madrid's 9-1 win over granada . portuguese star now has 36 league goals for the season . ronaldo now has more goals than 53 of the 98 teams in europe's top five leagues .
lloyd byfield, 48, pursued relationship with leighann duffy, 26, before attack . armed himself with claw hammer and knife and burst into her flat in walthamstow . after pleading guilty to murder, he was sentenced to life with minimum term of 26-and-a-half years by judge nicholas cooke . judge cooke told byfield he must have had a 'heart of stone' to have killed ms duffy .
precious richardson coleman, 29, ran down beatrice 'dee dee' spence, 24, and her uncle, 37-year-old damon watson, in her suv . coleman believed spence was trying to steal her boyfriend, family members say . spence's mother, danika, had been frying chicken and cooking macaroni and cheese, but left the kitchen in a rush to help her daughter . coleman turned herself in to police saturday morning and is held on $750,000 for attempted murder and related charges .
liverpool have put a £50million price tag on raheem sterling this summer . chelsea, manchester city or manchester united are among those watching . gareth bale's £75m fee and near £300,000-a-week wages mean his signing would restrict clubs under financial fair play guidelines .
lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media is driving disaffected voices online . internet activity has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard . but it still brings resistance, some of it legal, some of it deadly .
bruce cook, 59, has built a 'realistic' hay bale structure out front of his property at lake charm, northwest of victoria . the farmer has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he doesn't take it down . the structure depicts the obscene intimacy between a cow and a bull . mr cook put up the sculpture on good friday just for 'a bit of fun' .
queen elizabeth banned hot cross buns for good friday, christmas and burials . harriet arkell tried to ban them, possibly finding them too catholic . supermarkets bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers . from mini sizes to new flavours like toffee fudge chunk and apple and cinnamon .
cosmin moti kung-fu tackled stefan nikolic during ludogorets' champions league clash with cska sofia . the bulgarian defender connected cleanly with nikolic's rib cage . moti saved two penalties during the shoot-out against steaua bucharest .
jean-marie le pen said he 'never regretted' making similar statements in the past . marine le pen, 86, said: 'gas chambers were a detail of the war, unless we admit that the war was a detail of the gas chambers!' reigniting old tensions, mr le pen said 'the truth' should 'not shock anyone', and historical reality should not be used to portray him as anti-jewish .
michelle woods, 44, was told by her daughter elisha mann that 'something was moving' in the bath . when the pair walked into the bathroom to check what was there, they came face to face with the red and orange corn snake . ms woods believes it may belong to the property's previous tenant .
natalia moon moved to the philippines in 2012 after struggling to hit the big time in australia . the 23-year-old learned filipino language tagalog to score a role on sitcom ismol family . she will attend the golden screen tv awards on april 26 where she is nominated for outstanding breakthrough performance by an actress .
warm air blowing up from the azores is creating conditions we might usually experience in july or august . the record for the hottest day ever in britain was set more than a decade ago in august 2003 . coral’s price on this summer being the hottest on record has fallen from 10/1 to 2/1, while ladbrokes has 5/6 on this spring being the warmest ever .
professor ninian peckitt, 63, is accused of punching a patient in the face . a medical tribunal heard he attempted to correct a fracture caused by an industrial accident in february 2012 . mr peckitt claimed he had simply 'digitally manipulated' the patient’s face . but witnesses said that in reality he had actually been hitting him, the tribunal heard . the world-renowned surgeon faces being struck off the medical register .
71 per cent of voters say they have no need to know about politicians' wives . only a quarter say it is important to know about leaders' domestic lives . findings may come as shock to miliband, cameron and clegg . they have all invited cameras into homes and given wives campaign roles .
jonas gutierrez was not expected to start for newcastle after twice surviving cancer . the argentine only returned as a substitute last month . daryl janmaat limped off during the warm-up, but did start the game . rumours of dave watson filling in were wide of the mark .
a young woman found a mildly venomous snake curled up in her shopping trolley . she pushed the trolley up an escalator before realising the snake had curled itself in the corner . sunshine coast snake catchers 24/7 richie gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away .
niamh geaney, 26, found karen branigan, 29, through a social media campaign . the 26-year-old student from dublin found her 'twin stranger' in just two weeks . 'i was ridiculously nervous about how i would react to meeting someone who looks like me,' she said .
sam allardyce says selling out your home ground is the most important thing for any premier league football club . west ham will move to the 54,000-seater olympic stadium next year . the cheapest season ticket at upton park is £620 but £289 for 2016-17 .
iona costello, 51, and daughter emily, 14, were visiting manhattan when they disappeared last month . they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health . iona is in the midst of a nasty battle over the will of her husband, george costello sr., 63, who died of a heart attack as he was working on a southampton barge in 2012 .
the new 'skywalk' observation deck has opened to the public in yunyang county, southwest china . the cantilevered platform in chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level . its viewing area protrudes nearly 90ft from the cliff face at the longgang scenic area .
charles severance, 54, was in court for a hearing on thursday in alexandria, virginia . he has been charged with the murders of nancy dunning, ron kirby and ruthanne lodato . prosecutor bryan porter argued severance should face just one trial as his writings linked the three murders .
jennifer stewart, 31, and her husband, joseph naaman, 34, have launched a desperate search for their beloved pet cat, felix . the two-year-old tabby escaped from his crate at john f kennedy international airport on april 1 . the airline-approved pet carrier was tied down to a metal pallet and cracked open, apparently when one of the straps got caught on something .
raghunandan yandamuri, 29, of king of prussia, pennsylvania, was sentenced to death in the 2012 slayings of 10-month-old saanvi venna and 61-year-old satayrathi venna . yandamuri was a technology professional outside of philadelphia and knew the baby's parents in what prosecutors called a botched kidnapping plot . he was expressionless as the verdict against him, which
floyd mayweather fights manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 . the $300million mega-fight is the biggest in the history of the sport . mayweather is expected to earn $180million from the fight . click here for all the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
tornado touched down near dallas on sunday . there have been no reports of deaths .
rekha nagvanshi, 30, urinated in her in-laws' cups of tea for more than a year . angry that her husband's parents had stopped her doing chores . she was unhappy about her arranged marriage and felt she was being treated poorly .
bayern munich face borussia dortmund in the bundesliga on saturday . philipp lahm has made a full recovery from a broken ankle . franck ribery, arjen robben, javi martinez and david alaba are all out . holger badstuber and thiago alcantara could feature for bayern .
emy afalava was born in american samoa, a u.s. territory since 1900 . he has been denied the right to vote because the federal government insists he is no citizen .
madison small, from ashburn, virginia, left school early on monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital . by tuesday afternoon, her father, tim small, had contacted the broad run high school to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning . the virginia medical examiner's office is investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered, but no cause has yet been given .
called the modular robotic vehicle, or mrv, it was developed at nasa's johnson space center to show off the technologies that could let man move across other planets . mrv is driven by four independent wheel modules called e-corners . each e-corner consists of a redundant steering actuator, a passive trailing arm suspension, an in-wheel propulsion motor, and a motor-driven friction braking system .
british airways, easyjet, ryanair and flybe among airlines to cancel flights . walkout by french air traffic controllers' union sncta will begin at 5am today . passengers travelling abroad by ferry or eurotunnel face queues at ports .
britt mchenry is one of several espn on-air talents to be suspended in the past 12 months . a video of her berating a towing company employee surfaced thursday .
david cameron looked serious and oozing leadership charisma . his gesticulation and approach looked as manicured and choreographed as a torville and dean routine . unlike ed he appears fully formed rather than a body language work in progress .
francesca weatherhead, 25, was killed when parolee john mccallum, 27, crashed into her car while fleeing police in a high speed pursuit . mrs weatherhead was driving to her job as a sales manager when mccallum ran a red light in his ford escape and struck her car . mccallum was sentenced to 20 - 45 years' in jail despite his contrition .
patrick and marianne charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during blackout . they sat down in their conservatory with a glass of wine each and fired up barbecue . the conservatory quickly filled with smoke and couple were unconscious . maintenance work by uk power networks caused power cut, inquest heard .
michelle, 27, unveils summer range for lipsy . full of playsuits, crochet and lace dresses . recently unveiled as face of garnier ambre solaire self tan range .
javier hernandez scored twice as real madrid beat celta vigo 4-2 on sunday . the mexican has now scored six goals in eight starts for real madrid . hernandez has a scoring ratio that is two minutes short of lionel messi . the 26-year-old is on loan at manchester united from real madrid .
baron the german shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet after he began learning the impressive skill a few weeks ago . in the footage, the five-month-old pup enters the bathroom and lifts up the toilet seat . he then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself . once he's finished, he puts down both the toilet seat and flushes before running out .
mahendra ahirwar, 12, suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend . his weak backbone means he can't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position . his parents have consulted more than 50 doctors across india but none could diagnose his condition .
officers in mesquite, texas came upon the burning suv belonging to 25-year-old hector valles, who was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel . valles' clothes had begun to burn as officers ryan nielson and autumn soto finally unpinned him from the car and pulled him down onto the interstate service road . while nielson and soto were still dragging valles across the pavement, the fire in his suv erupted ever further, fully engulfing the interior .
dramatic scenes were witnessed in hwange national park, zimbabwe . lioness refused to let the giraffe escape despite the danger she was in .
holland defeated spain 2-0 in a friendly in amsterdam on tuesday . andres iniesta entered the fray in the 76th minute to jeer and boos . guus hiddink slammed the home fans for booing him .
robert mugabe arrived into south africa today for a three-day state visit . he appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and even a pair of earrings . however, closer inspection revealed it was just a cleverly taken shot . it emerged amid claims the president is lining up his 24-year-old daughter to succeed him .
fireman xu weiguo risked his own life to grab suicidal woman's arm . woman was attempting to throw herself off a concrete ledge in shanghai . police had failed to convince her to climb back into a nearby apartment . but before a ladder could be used the woman became more agitated . she suddenly lowered herself on to the edge of the concrete ledge .
french climber alain robert climbed dubai's 1,007ft cayan tower without safety harness . the 52-year-old free-climber has previously been arrested, imprisoned and banned from locations across the world .
stars such as lindsay lohan, johnny depp and kate moss have aged terribly . femail rounds up the stars that have suffered the worst .
the study was carried out by organisation for economic cooperation and development . it used data from lisbon, portugal, and plugged the data into a computer model . the authors said replacing personal cars with self-driving cabs would also free valuable real estate currently used for public parking .
paul tudor jones ii, the founder of tudor investment corporation, bought the casa apava estate in palm beach last week . the mediterranean-style seven-bedroom, 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access . the hefty purchase came days after jones, 60, warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold-out ted talk in canada in march .
cesc fabregas scored a late winner for chelsea against qpr on sunday . the spaniard wore a protective mask after breaking his nose last week . fabregas removed the mask as he celebrated scoring the winning goal . the shield was branded with the fabregas' initial and squad number .
toyal lotus technology stops yoghurt from sticking to lids of pots . german maker toyo aluminium's technology won silver place in the 2013 du pont awards for packaging innovation . it is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf and uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking . lotus leaves repel water to prevent being weighed down by rain, for example .
paul smith is in pole position for a third successive joust against andre ward . ward is still ranked by many among the top five pound-for-pound boxers in the world despite 17 months out of the ring . the wba have ordered their two super-middle world champions ward 'super,' froch 'regular' to meet in a unification fight .
shamima begum, 15, amira abase, 15, and kadiza sultana, 16, fled uk for syria in february . now believed to have joined brutal all-woman al-khansa brigade in raqqa . group has been accused of doling out savage beatings and spying on citizens . group has declared children as young as nine should be married . also said women should obey men and remain 'hidden and veiled'
lyvette crespo, 43, allegedly shot bell gardens, california mayor daniel crespo three times in the chest on september 30 . the widow claims mrs. crespo had a history of domestic abuse . her brother, william crespo, says he has evidence proving mrs. crespo is a cold-blooded killer .
russian destroyer and two other ships entered english channel yesterday . uk sent heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels as they passed . hours later two russian bear bombers hugged british airspace . raf deployed two typhoon fighter jets to escort the planes . sources say both incidents may have been an attempt to 'snoop' on a huge nato war games exercise taking place in scotland .
a tumblr blog called conversation sparks has come to the rescue . the blog has been turned into a book called conversation sparks: trivia worth talking about that is for sale on amazon .
jack wilshere was given the honour to interview three-time world cup winner pele . the arsenal midfielder asked fans questions during 10ten talent launch . glenn hoddle, pele and wilshere are all 10ten talent clients .
images released of football fans seen tending to wounded at hillsborough disaster . they may be able to answer questions of victims' families, police say . 96 liverpool fans died after one section of the grounds became crushed .
insurers are increasingly checking people's social media accounts following a break-in . they are using this as a reason not to pay out if they are burgled while away . most firms have a 'reasonable care' clause in contracts, meaning they are not liable if people didn't protect their possessions .
sudheer khamitkar, 42, shot his 38-year-old wife, smita haval khamitkar, and their sons arnav khamitkar, 10 and arush khamitkar, 6, before turning the gun on himself . the bodies were found on wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days . a backdoor was unlocked and a handgun was found near the father's body .
pedro hernandez confessed in 2012 to killing etan patz, 6, in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades . etan's body was never found, nor was any trace of clothing or his belongings . hernandez had never been considered a suspect - his name appears only once in law enforcement paperwork at the time etan disappeared .
charlotte blakeway was discovered dead in the bath at her home in shropshire . the 17-year-old had been studying film, performance, english and sociology at shrewsbury sixth form college . her mother elizabeth described her daughter as a bright and enthusiastic girl .
jeremy clarkson left green lamborghini parked on yellow lines in london . traffic warden recognized former top gear host immediately . clarkson chatted with warden for a few minutes before leaving . the warden then appeared to walk away without leaving a ticket . clarkson was sensationally sacked from top gear last month .
zlatan ibrahimovic has had a new search engine website created in his honour . zlaaatan.com has an identical style to google with users given the option to 'zlatan search' or 'i'm feeling zlatan' any results from the search bar will automatically add 'zlatan' to the front . the website though has no affliation with ibrahimovic nor google .
roxy walsh found the ring while snorkelling at finns beach club in bali . the queensland resident shared a photo of the ring on facebook . the facebook message has been shared 23 thousand times .
video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the green man pub in wembley . footage appears to show a homophobic chant being aimed at ashley cole . cole left arsenal to join london rivals chelsea in 2006 .
luis suarez scored twice as barcelona beat psg 3-1 at the etihad on wednesday . the uruguayan has scored 13 goals in his last 14 champions league games . suarez has scored six goals from six in the champions league this season . the uruguayan has scored 91 goals for barcelona this season .
the storm system, which stretches from texas up to the great lakes and down to north carolina, has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring . hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and cars and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees, as wild weather hit 12 states . strong storms rumbled through the southern plains early on thursday, missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather that could hit chicago, detroit and other big cities in the midwest later
solar probe plus will carry four instrument suites into the corona . will study the solar wind and energetic particles as they blast off the surface of the star . temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees fahrenheit . over 24 orbits, the mission will use seven flybys of venus to reduce its distance from the sun .
in real life, it's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea . much rarer are cases in which individuals become lost at sea long enough to run out of food and drinking water .
hayley grimes, 42, found baby peter's body in pond in weasenham, norfolk . she was a teenager when she found the body wrapped in a blanket and bag . police used dna profiling techniques to trace back to the boy's mother . ms grimes said it was 'unthinkable' that the baby had not been given a proper burial .
kurt zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role against man united . chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . mourinho told zouma to turn the game into a '10 against 10' clash .
rotherham have been charged with fielding an ineligible player . farrend rawson played 90 minutes in their 1-0 win over brighton . steve evans claimed rawson's youth loan had been extended . but rawson was not involved in rotherham's 2-0 defeat at middlesbrough .
joseph devaney, 23, and accomplice kieron rolstron, 22, jailed for aggravated burglary and aggravated vehicle taking at preston crown court . devaney struck cookie over the head with a meat cleaver while rolstron shouted at terrified householders 'give me your money' and 'i will stab you' the terrier suffered serious injuries and had been sedated whilst he was given stitches .
chanel, 19, from california, claims to have eaten placenta, gone on fasts and put her body through many detoxes to stay young .
brendan cordina's grandfather died when he was just 12-years-old . he resigned himself to the fact that his beloved medals were gone forever . the 36-year-old drove over 3500 kilometres in four days to find them . but he was refused the medals and told they were more important to the museum . mr cordina started a petition on change.org to get the medals back .
lucas has played more games for liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years . he missed the 2012 league cup final and two other wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against chelsea the previous november . lucas signed for liverpool from rafa benitez in 2007 .
kathryn beale is part of a rapidly growing cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers . she whizzes it into smoothies or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits . mothers have reported powerful healing properties from eating their own placenta .
when prince george was born in july 2013 his birth was first announced . a formal notice signed by the doctors who delivered him was then displayed at the gates of buckingham palace . clarence house also tweeted the news, and the british monarchy's facebook page was also updated .
wendell steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in akron, ohio during their 300-mile journey from nova, ohio to pennsylvania . mitt romney famously came under fire when it was revealed he once drove for 12 hours with his irish setter seamus on his car in a carrier . steiner's mixed-breed puppies were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued .
customs officials at domodedovo airport electronically scanned 27kg bag . included 55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs and two monkeys . two baby crocodiles died on the journey from jakarta to moscow . experts trying to identify 'amazingly beautiful "kitten" with bright green eyes and stripes' suspect could face seven years in jail if true .
annegret raunigk, from berlin, is already a mother of 13 . she decided to expand her family after her youngest child told her: 'i want to have a little brother or sister' sue tollefsen became pregnant thanks to ivf when she was 57 .
ella jones will become the first black woman ever to sit on the ferguson council . wesley bell says he's more interested in hiring a new police chief .
a new york photographer shared an image of a woman whose name is beyoncé . the photo was accompanied by a statement from beyoncé describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name with a star . other users expressed their anger at having the same name as jay-z's wife .
holders sevilla will face fiorentina for a place in this season's europa league final . fiorentina overcame tottenham, roma and dynamo kiev en route to the last four . napoli face dnipro dnipropetrovsk of ukraine for a place in the warsaw final .
leigh griffiths scored a hat-trick as celtic beat dundee united on sunday . the 24-year-old has been linked with a move away from hibernian . former coach tam currie says he has not spoken to him in a while .
diafra sakho is west ham's top scorer this season with 12 goals . the senegal international was forced off against stoke city on saturday . west ham claim sakho could return 'before the end of the season'
wandsworth council is set to remove rule giving priority to siblings . rule will apply even if family has moved 800 metres from preferred school . 80,000 children face missing out on preferred primary school in london . more than 20,000 at risk of being denied any of their preferred choices .
cnn situation room correspondent brian todd and photojournalist khalil abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on l street nw . the ducklings and their mom crossed heavily trafficked street . restaurant patrons stopped on the sidewalk to corral them .
children who share ipads in class do better in literacy tests, researchers claim . courtney blackwell, from northwestern university, worked with 352 students . the findings come after the general secretary of the national association of head teachers said he was dubious about using technology as a teaching aid in non-it classes .
jeremy peace is ready to shelve the sale of west brom if a deal is not in place by july . peace owns 77 per cent of the club and is looking to sell for between £150million to £200million . peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in america, china and australia .
"furious 7" is sure to draw fans curious about how the film handles the real-life death of co-star paul walker . the usual flaws -- plot bumps, muscle acting, tweet-length dialogue -- fade in the face of the camaraderie on and off screen .
david bulman, 55, and wife lubova had row after he criticised her for not doing chores . he followed her and shouted at her before pulling her hair and punching her . bulman given 12-month community order after pleading guilty to assault .
annegret raunigk, 65, already has 13 children and seven grandchildren . her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination . she said she was 'shocked' when an ultrasound scan showed she was carrying quadruplets .
loic remy scored chelsea's winner against stoke on saturday . remy also netted the winner against hull before the international break . chelsea boss jose mourinho praised remy's professionalism .
alejandro valverde claimed victory in belgium's fleche wallonne on wednesday . chris froome finished back in 123rd after a fall in the closing 12km . julian alaphilippe and michael albasini finished ahead of valverde .
rafa benitez guided liverpool to the champions league in 2005 . the spaniard also brought in djimi traore and milan baros . napoli beat wolfsburg 4-1 in their europa league clash on thursday .
kevin morton, 49, admitted giving son kye backhouse morphine by mistake . kye, 13, complained of feeling unwell and was found dead at cumbria flat . morton said he will 'have to try and live with it for the rest of my life' he could now face jail after pleading guilty to manslaughter .
liverpool lost 1-0 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . brendan rodgers has come under fire after a disappointing third season . stan collymore believes liverpool must keep faith with rodgers .
sam gallagher scored the winner as southampton u21s beat blackburn rovers 2-1 in the under-21 premier league cup final on monday . the 19-year-old says he hopes ronald koeman will be impressed by his goal . gallagher made 20 first-team appearances under mauricio pochettino last season .
louise smith, 38, was eating at crown and thistle pub, carlisle, cumbria . cctv footage showed her standing over girl and pulling two hairs from her head . smith, from eastriggs, near annan, denied fraud in february . but she failed to attend her trial so she was convicted in her absence .
yemen's health ministry says 385 civilians have been killed, 342 others wounded . saudi arabia launched airstrikes on houthi rebels in yemen three weeks ago .
the explosion on a pacific gas & electric co. pipe carrying natural gas happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside highway 99 . the flames shot well over 100 feet into the air, witnesses said . at least 15 people were injured, four of them critically .
plane set off from incheon international airport in seoul, south korea . believed to have missed landing point on runway at hiroshima airport . twenty people are believed to have been injured in the crash .
kevin pietersen returned to nets at surrey on monday for the first time since re-signing for surrey last month . the 34-year-old arrived early for the session at the oval before team-mates such as gareth batty and jade dernbach followed him in . pietersen is expected to step-up his county rehabilitation with a three-day warm-up against oxford mccu on april 12 .
radamel falcao believes sergio aguero is manchester united's biggest threat . the colombian striker was speaking at a puma event on thursday . falcao did not feature at the etihad earlier this season .
peter gale dismissed by nonsuch high school for girls in surrey two weeks ago . 47-year-old sent informal emails to sixth-form pupil over period of months . school rules strictly forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts .
ohio has been able to drive meaningful change on many thorny issues . john avlon: ohio is much stronger today than it was in the 1980s and '90s .
the population was deemed healthy in hundreds of northern european fisheries analysed . experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species . consumers were previously told to eat gurnard instead of cod after stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s . however one in nine fisheries operate sustainably, with 400 suffering from serious failings in data management .
ed miliband pledged to crackdown on the illegal exploitation of migrant workers . he said exploitation has driven low-skilled migration and held down wages . a new unit of 100 staff would work with the gangmasters licensing authority . but nigel farage and james brokenshire dismissed mr miliband's ideas .
david luiz teamed up with ezequiel lavezzi to play a prank on zoumana camara . the 36-year-old was dunked into his birthday cake on friday afternoon . psg face marseille in ligue 1 on sunday in the champions league .
the 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm wednesday at 13th street and seventh avenue in manhattan . around 500 riders were soon forced out of the subway . the water also inundated the street corner where the break occurred and can be seen lapping at a west village convenience store .
a silicon valley-based start-up is offering an at-home dna saliva test to detect the same gene mutations priced at just $249 (£167) it tests for mutations in brca1 and brca2, along with 17 other markers, all of which are linked to an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer . women with a mutation in brca1 have a lifetime risk of up to 80 percent for developing breast cancer and up to a 50 percent chance of developing ovarian cancer .
a frothy private sector is gearing up to serve the "test me" market . laboratories are offering walk-in and online services to individuals . the primary effect won't be more health, but rather more medical care .
supermarket spent nearly £29 million flying executives to different parts of the world between 2005 and 2012 . tesco spent nearly £29 million on the planes between 2005 and 2012 . chief executive dave lewis admitted the planes gave the wrong image and put them up for sale . just days ago, tesco managed to sell its seven-year-old, gulfstream 550, worth around £30million new . it was capable of flying 14 executives at a time and even had cabins allowing executives to sleep in full-sized beds .
national union of teachers calls for 'positive portrayal of same sex relationships' mps have duty to tackle 'homophobia, biphobia and transphobia' in schools . critics accuse nut of 'thought control' and say proposals risk 'oversexualising' children .
shona banda, 37, has lost custody of her 11-year-old son after kansas authorities placed the boy into protective custody . the garden city, kansas, mother said she did not get custody of her son back after a hearing on monday in finney county district court . banda is a motivational speaker and author on the medical marijuana issue . she wrote a book that detailed how she used cannabis oil to treat her debilitating crohn's disease .
the 55-year-old lynch was confirmed by the senate on thursday following a months-long delay in which her nomination became caught up in a dispute over human trafficking legislation . she pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country . lynch replaces eric holder, who left the job friday after six years as attorney general .
nine members of the liana's ransom were scooped up by coast guard life boats on tuesday, leaving the canadian charter ship adrift 30 miles east of portland . the tall ship reported having issues with the engines around 12.35 a.m. on monday, and said the sails had become wrapped around the mast . two lifeboat crews were dispatched to try and tow the vessel to shore, but 10-foot swells caused a tow line to break .
eric cantona believes manchester united are 'kings of the city' after sunday's derby win over manchester city . the former united captain made a rare foray into football matters at the laureus sports awards in shanghai on tuesday . cantona once professed his desire to be the manager at old trafford but has changed his mind . he believes united will recapture their old dominance under louis van gaal .
raheem sterling was filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as 'hippy crack' the liverpool forward is either unconscious or has fallen asleep . sterling scored in liverpool's 2-0 win over newcastle united on monday .
ronald koeman held a meeting with southampton's players to refocus their minds on european qualification . victor wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at move to arsenal . morgan schneiderlin, nathaniel clyne and jay rodriguez have all been linked with a move away .
the university of houston said in a statement tuesday that it was paying mcconaughey speaking fees totaling $135,000 plus travel expenses . meanwhile, the statement says mcconaughey is donating his fees to his jk livin foundation, which the actor started to provide tools to help high school students lead active lives . the university initially balked at revealing mcconaughey's speaking fee, citing a confidentiality agreement with the booking agency .
ravi beefnah, 34, parked his £35,000 audi a5 outside dealership in essex . he claims that the car uses a litre of oil every time he fills it up . mr beefnah claims that audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint .
chicago bulls beat milwaukee bucks 91-82 to take 2-0 lead in nba play-offs . jimmy butler scored 31 points for bulls in second straight game . golden state warriors beat new orleans pelicans 97-87 to take 2-0 lead .
john carver says he has the hardest job in football as newcastle united boss . thousands of fans plan to boycott sunday's home match against tottenham . carver is the only public face of the club and is forced to answer – or deflect – questions about the hierarchy on a weekly basis .
west ham left back aaron cresswell has impressed for the hammers . manchester city and chelsea are set to battle it out for the left back . city are desperate to add to their homegrown quota . james milner is on the brink of leaving the club .
kim sears watched andy murray play against kevin anderson in miami . the 27-year-old donned a chic off-the-shoulder black dress and toted a statement red handbag . kim and andy will tie the knot at dunblane cathedral on april 11 .
a judge ordered cassandra c., 17, into custody of connecticut children's medical center in december . she ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo, claiming she did not want to be treated . now that her treatment is complete, the temporary order of custody ends, her attorney says .
billy-anne huxham, 18, was kidnapped at knife-point by her ex-boyfriend on tuesday . she was found by police on thursday night after she made contact with a family member . her ex carl garry chapman, 32, has been charged with a string of offences including assault, torture and deprivation of liberty . chapman was out on bail at the time of the abduction where he used a firearm to subdue the victim .
terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres, and is set to handle 45million passengers a year . renown british-iraqi architect, zaha hadid, has collaborated with airport developers adpi to create a six-tier concept . aims to reduce customer walking distances, and increase connectivity .
aspinal of london has teamed up with olivia palermo to design a tote . pippa middleton and kim sears are big fans of the brand . all profits from the sale of this handbag will go to adcam .
duncan burton, 57, was released in november 2012 after 14-years behind bars but was allowed to work for uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs . burton was arrested on wednesday on one count of sexual assault and if convicted will face a maximum sentence of 20 years . according to houston city codes someone with a drug conviction is not eligible for a city permit to drive cabs. however, they could appeal and still receive one .
skywest flight makes emergency landing in buffalo, new york . passenger received medical attention before being released . flight 5622 was originally scheduled to fly from chicago to hartford .
archie brown jr struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in milwaukee, wisconsin on sunday evening . while at the scene an unidentified gunman shot brown and a 15-year-old boy dead - though it's not clear what his connection to the incident was . police say the shooting may have been in revenge for the child's death .
charles dunstone signed a letter backing labour in the 2005 election . earlier this month he signed a letter backing the conservatives . the former blair ally is now backing the conservatives in the election .
staff attorneys at the u.s. justice department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block comcast corps. $45.2 billion proposal to merge with time warner cable inc. the merger has been under extreme scrutiny since it was announced last february . if the deal is successful, comcast would become the nation's leading cable and internet provider . competitors fear that the deal would allow the company to unilaterally set programming prices for the entire industry .
hillary clinton is running for president in 2016 . julian zelizer: win or lose, clinton will be the barometer of gender equality .
washington, dc-based company wants to create a new space station . their giant cylinder could apparently replace the iss . it would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity . it would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build . the final design would be 330ft (100 metres) in diameter and 1,310ft (400 metres) long .
david starkey says ethnic minorities and disabled people should not 'assume victim status' 70-year-old says evidence suggests women are of average intelligence . men are either 'very, very bright or very thick', but starkey denies he is sexist . he also attacked baroness doreen lawrence for 'treating blacks as victims' .
football equality campaigners kick it out have warned hartlepool fans over a bob marley-themed fancy-dress day planned for their league two trip to carlisle . the anti-racism body have urged carlisle to refuse entry to any fans who decide to 'black up' for the occasion . hartlepool fans have a history of fancy dress, travelling as the smurfs to charlton in 2012 .
wayne rooney wants to put a smile on the faces of manchester united fans . rooney is the leading united scorer in derby history with 11 goals . united have lost their last four meetings against their biggest rivals . rooney knows victory would put united four points clear of city .
king felipe, queen letizia and their daughters arrived at palma cathedral on the balearic isle . princesses sofia and leonor wore pretty above-the-knee outfits reflecting the spring sunshine . it is the first time princess leonor, 9, and princess sofia, 7, have been spotted at a public engagement for several months .
hibs beat hearts 2-0 in the edinburgh derby to put promotion party on hold . alan stubbs' side have lost three consecutive games this season . hearts face falkirk in the scottish cup semi-final on saturday .
celtic face aberdeen at pittodrie on sunday, may 10 . the scottish premiership leaders could win the title if both teams win . celtic have two friday night fixtures against dundee and st johnstone .
binmen in farnham, surrey, said the bag of walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules – even though it had been dropped there by a litterbug . elsewhere they left another bin full of rubbish because there was a scrap of cellophane on top . enraged residents in farnham, surrey, have branded waste collection squads as 'little hitlers' for enforcing recycling rules to the letter .
vincent cianni, 63, has spent three years traveling the u.s. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen . he embarked on the project, gays in the military, to better understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military . cianni's photos show commonalities between the subjects despite their different journeys, from a 92-year-old ww2 veteran to young soldiers who recently returned from afghanistan .
police in oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after a man allegedly threatened two teenagers with a handgun . just then, a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands, allowing the teens to escape . edward west, 59, was arrested and charged with menacing, harassment, assault, and unlawful use of a weapon .
israel marks its annual day of remembrance for fallen troops and slain civilians on wednesday . yom hazikaron - or memorial day - is held the day before israel's independence day . under law all places of entertainment, including cinemas, theatres and nightclubs are closed during the sombre day .
study by ofcom says 4g speeds in the uk are slower than promised . mobile phone companies boasted 4g would be five times faster than 3g . but the actual figure is actually only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second compared to 5.9mbit/s per second on the 3g service that most people use . ee’s 4g network, which covers 81 per cent of homes and businesses, delivered the fastest average download speed of 18.6mbit/s . vodafone came second fastest, followed by o2 at
peachtree city police chief william mccollom called 911 early new year's day to report accidentally shooting his ex-wife, margaret, as they slept . the shooting left margaret mccollom paralyzed below the waist . mccollom resigned from the chief's job in march .
mark allen sanders was beaten with a paddle, dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire . he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney during the warped 1990 initiation . sanders subsequently withdrew from the university of texas at austin and sought counselling to cope with the shameful episode . hamm was identified as a ringleader and arrested in 1993, long before he became one of america's most recognizable actors .
man was gored between legs during bullrunning event in teulada, spain . he was sprinting ahead of the animal before it caught him with one horn . despite his attempts to climb back up, the bull hit him with one of its horns . incident happened during town's annual fiesta, which includes parades .
hamilton now has a record five poles to his name at the shanghai circuit . the briton finished just 0.042secs ahead of his mercedes team-mate nico rosberg . ferrari's sebastian vettel will start third, albeit down by nine tenths of a second on hamilton . vettel splits the williams pair of massa and bottas .
coin was found in silt after the river avon burst its banks between bristol and bath . experts have dated it to between 300 bc and 264 bc and say it came from the western mediterranean - probably sardinia or ancient carthage . it is thought to be the oldest dateable evidence of human activity found in saltford and the west of england . coin is thought to be the oldest evidence of human activity .
former new england patriots tight end aaron hernandez is found guilty of first-degree murder . he also faces murder charges in a 2012 double homicide . hernandez was a standout athlete in bristol, connecticut, who came from a sports dynasty .
a heated exchange between royals starter yordano ventura and white sox outfielder adam eaton sparked the brawl . several punches were thrown and ventura was sent off along with fellow teammates lorenzo cain and edinson volquez . chicago's chris sale and jeff samardzija were also sent off .
the headstone of hillary clinton's father, hugh rodham, was tipped over this week . police are investigating, but no other headstones were knocked over .
lauren perry, 25, had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy . her twins mason and chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks . eight months later mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed . he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus .
karen reidy, 40, met sakir candan, then 26, on holiday after her mother's death . she fell for him after returning home and the pair kept in constant contact . karen slimmed from a size 22 to a size 12 and showed off her new look .
victor sena blood-dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private facebook message . it will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until 'acknowledged' by ellanora baidoo's hard-to-find husband . the couple married in 2009 in a civil ceremony .
demarai gray scored twice as birmingham city drew 2-2 with blackburn rovers at st andrew's on tuesday night . the seagulls ended a run of three successive defeats at the amex stadium . the seagulls are without a goal from one of their own players for nine hours and 20 minutes .
dann was a fraction offside when he set up murray for palace's first goal . assistant john brooks was spot on with two equally tight calls . dann got the ball (1) and for murray’s finish (3) .
near-sightedness, or myopia, has doubled in most of east asia over the last 40 years . researchers say reducing risk is easy, free and readily-available .
tory duo visited advantage nursery in surbiton, south west london . they were supposed to be highlighting tory plans to double free childcare . but when they tried to put puzzle back together, they hit trouble . mr cameron tried to hammer pieces together with his hands .
braylon robinson was playing at a house in cleveland, ohio, on sunday . another three-year-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger . bullet struck the baby in the face and he was rushed to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead . it is unclear whether the infant was related to the older boy . investigators are now trying to determine where the gun came from .
representative darrell issa asked clinton if she used personal email for official business . issa was ignored until clinton had stepped down in february 2013 . even then, the reply did not answer the question - instead going into detail . clinton has insisted every relevant email is now in the hands of the state department .
ashley johnston, 28, was shot in rojava, near the turkish border, while fighting with the kurdish people's protection units (ypg) his mother amanda johnston had no idea her son was at war until she learned of his death . the proud mother paid a touching tribute to his final action in life at his funeral in macquarie park, sydney, on thursday . he is believed to be the first westerner to die in battle against is .
child from memphis, tennessee, has amassed thousands of twitter followers . he regularly posts pictures of 'gang life' with guns, cash, and marijuana . prompted backlash from critics who called his stunts 'sad' .
the two major parties will only be separated by 0.1 per cent, the poll says . the tories and labour are predicted to get 31.8% of the vote . labour is just one tenth of a percentage point behind the tories .
mackenzi sue-rose miller, 21, charged with dui manslaughter and dui while causing injuries . she allegedly struck and killed 13-year-old trinity backmann on february 28 in apopka, florida . miller's blood alcohol content was 0.114 and 0.110, while florida's legal driving limit is 0.08 .
christian englander, 30, threw a banana peel at dave chappelle during a show in new mexico on monday night . he was arrested on suspicion of disorderly conduct and battery . on thursday he struck again at a bar in santa fe, new mexico . englander said he threw the peel because the 'irony of this situation is too much to pass up' .
daniel ricciardo is preparing for the chinese grand prix in shanghai . the red bull driver has been training with a martial artist . ricciardo is bidding to improve on his sixth place finish in australia .
tina campbell paid £100 for the weave but her scalp became infected . she spent her 29th birthday in bandages after developing painful boils . tina said the incident has not deterred her from getting hair extensions again .
swedish firm says new version uses less energy than pork and beef . veggie balls will be rolled out this month and will cut carbon emissions . created from a secret recipe of chickpeas, peas, carrots, peppers and kale .
new web app inside abbey road takes users on an interactive tour of studio 1 . sir edward elgar opened studios on 12th november 1931 . studios hosted the world's first live global broadcast from the beatles . also played a role in the invention of stereo by emi engineer alan blumlein .
mailonline caught up with the world's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds who blew their cash in miami, new york, marbella and monaco . the glamorous scolaro sisters 'partied with a-list movie stars' while self-made millionaire tomer sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands in minutes over online trades .
chancey luna, 17, is accused of shooting dead australian baseball player chris lane . lane, 22, from melbourne, was jogging along a road in duncan, oklahoma, when he was shot in the back with a .22 calibre handgun . luna, who was in a ford focus with two teenage friends, faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release . lane's parents, peter and donna lane, are scheduled to be called as witnesses .
queens park rangers manager chris ramsey has lost six out of seven games in charge of the london club . aston villa manager tim sherwood is keen to rekindle their working relationship at villa park . sherwood also revealed he wishes he had striker darren bent at villa .
european parliament is set to vote to close the loophole next week . currently, all alcoholic drinks are exempt from having to reveal nutritional value on their labels . but winemakers argue that introducing nutritional labelling would lead to a rise in production costs and hit smaller vineyards .
more than 100 people are arrested in new york during a "nyc rise up & shut it down with baltimore" rally . "philly is baltimore" protest will take place at philadelphia city hall, cnn affiliate wxix says . "we're not giving up on them. we're just going to follow up," police commissioner says .
san antonio spurs are defending their nba title against new orleans . kawhi leonard, matt bonner, patty mills, aron baynes and official mascot the coyote teamed up to form spuran spuran . spurs beat phoenix suns 107-91 in their last match to begin play-off run .
sam tomkins has been released by the new zealand warriors . wigan have an option to bring him back to the dw stadium . tomkins says it would 'be nice' to resume his wigan career .
craig cathcart scored in the 56th minute to put watford top of the championship . the hornets went into the game knowing a win would take them back into the automatic promotion places . chris maguire's stoppage-time penalty denied the cherries and left watford on top of the pile .
thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in chios . dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside churches . vrontados is in a league of its own, drawing spectators from all over greece .
the unnamed woman's email was shared by a recipient yesterday on reddit . she demands a $63.99 water table from walmart and a $19.99 play tent . also demands a $14.99 play tunnel from ikea and a $7.99 cheerios book . the recipient of the email, who deleted the child's name, labelled the post 'most demanding 1st birthday invite ever'
chinese-born, american-based jia jiang blogged about 100 days of rejection . jiang launched rejection proof, part self-help and part motivational/autobiography . jiang quit his six-figure job to follow his dreams of being an entrepreneur .
alannah hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma . she broke her foot after attempting to shoo her dog out of the way and went to the doctor who spotted a tiny freckle on her fourth toe of her left foot . hill has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh . after about a week doctors will decide if she needs more treatment . hill is taking three months off from her new clothing label louise love .
julieane jablonski, 38, was charged with providing marijuana to a minor and felony tampering with a witness . austin essig, 19, jumped out of a third-floor window from a colorado apartment complex earlier this month after eating a marijuana-laced brownie . essig took to the fort collins police department's facebook page to describe the 'trip' he experienced after eating the brownie .
lucy gransbury wrote a two-page letter complaining about her noisy neighbours . jershon witehira said only the deaf and 'those buried in the cemetery' would have any concerns with the noise coming for his home . gransbury dropped a thank-you card and some gifts over the fence to the seven or eight men who lived there . after a month of not hearing back, witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his facebook page opening with 'my dearest lucy' .
rudi austin sent off in first half for elbowing ben marshall . tom cairney opened the scoring for blackburn rovers . jordan rhodes and jay spearing scored in the second half .
john marshall, son of director noel marshall who was married to tippi hedren and who spent years living with melanie griffith as her stepbrother, is opening up about the infamous lion film roar . roar became infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew during production . 'it seemed like a really cool idea at the beginning, but it was dangerous,' says marshall .
aussie the dog saved his owners kai and sophie from being electrocuted in a puddle . the family were walking near caves beach, near lake macquarie, when he was killed . the dog had always been very protective of the children . he was killed suddenly in a puddle connected to a fallen live electrical wire .
the duchess of cornwall has created a buzz with the launch of her own honey . just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with all proceeds going to charity . but camilla’s venture reflects a rocketing demand for gourmet honey . sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at selfridges since last year .
a rolling stone article about a purported gang rape was retracted sunday . the university of virginia is under investigation over how it handles sexual assault allegations .
two teenagers from dewsbury, west yorkshire, have not been in contact . one is believed to be a relative of hammaad munshi, 15 . munshi was britain's youngest convicted terrorist when he was found guilty in 2008 . he was recruited by a leading 'cyber terrorist' who radicalised impressionable muslims .
a two-year-old girl from gardena, california, was found naked in a parking lot on thursday night after disappearing from a car wash . the girl, who has not been identified, was found injured outside of jim's burgers 13 miles away . police are searching for the driver of a white, recent-model nissan altima seen at the car wash around the time the girl was abducted .
for a few hundred dollars, you can purchase your own brain stimulation kit online . online advertisements have promised immediate results, but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear . brain stimulation equipment still remains relatively new and experimental and dr donel martin warns parents against using it on their children .
charlie stayt left out the letter 'c' when he wrote the word on a whiteboard . viewers took to twitter to complain about the embarrassing spelling error . stayt described the gaffe as 'one of those things'
belinda, 56, from essex, had hoped facelift would deal with her jowls . but turkish surgeon botched it and left her with 'horrendous' scars . bungling surgeon left her with ears sewn awkwardly to the side of her face . belinda is to appear on tonight's episode of tlc's extreme beauty disasters .
kevin cooper and trewen kevern 'beat david alderson and left him to drown' mr alderson, 72, was found dead in an abandoned copper mine in january last year . cooper and kevern 'used victim's stolen keys to steal £40,000 from safe' .
prime minister said he was a west ham fan, despite supporting aston villa . tory leader said he had a 'brain fade' after getting his claret and blue teams mixed up . he has since apologised, blaming a bout of 'brain fade' .
ashley dodds, 29, ordered a sweet kiss 'mocktail' for her daughter, dennon . but staff at the red hot world buffet in deansgate, manchester, served it . ms dodds was disgusted when she heard her daughter had had an alcoholic version . restaurant bosses admitted to the mix-up but blamed ms dodds for leaving her daughter alone while she went for a cigarette .
graeme mcdowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday to finish six over par . the former us open champion is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year's first major championship . mcdowell was initially given a one-shot penalty for moving his marker as he attempted to swat a bee away from his ball on the third green .
the 11-time all star led his cleveland cavaliers to victory over the chicago bulls on sunday . lebron delivered his first triple-double for cavs as they won a 50th game of the campaign and 18th straight at home in their march towards the playoffs . he contributed 20 points, 10 rebounds and 12 assists, and one more if he claims credit for telling kyrie irving to shoot a 52-foot three on the buzzer at the end of the third quarter .
queen's horse ring of truth narrowly pipped to post at newbury today . second place appeared to go down well and she got a third later on . the queen chatted happily to jockey richard hughes in the parade ring .
shabana bibi, 25, died in hospital on saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body . her husband muhammad siddique and father-in-law pir bakhsh have been arrested . bibi had been married to siddique for three years and suffered domestic abuse .
fifteen police officers were injured in the clashes with protesters in baltimore, maryland on monday night . two were in a serious condition after being thrown rocks and bricks back at cops . police are investigating whether officers who arrested freddie gray on april 12 caused his spinal trauma .
inverness beat celtic 3-2 after extra-time to reach scottish cup final . josh meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given . sfa judicial panel decided it was not entitled to apply retrospective punishment .
claire, emily, christine and lily vincenti were taken from their italian home more than three years ago . their mother, laura garrett, had australian passports made for the girls and fled to australia . she claimed she had to escape her abusive partner, tomasso vincenti . the sisters were returned to italy in 2012 after ms garrett's story fell apart .
jennifer pagonis, 29, from chicago, has androgen insensitivity syndrome (ais), a very rare disorder which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen . pagonis didn't learn the full truth about her condition until a college instructor described the hormone syndrome one day during class . she phoned her mother to discuss her suspicions and was shocked to find her worst fears confirmed . two decades ago, there was little information about ais and pagonis' parents were'n't
leanna norris, 25, plied loh grenada, 2, with benedryl to make her sleep . she covered her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket, court heard . body was found in her car in stetson, maine, on june 24, 2013 . norris wept as she told the judge: 'all i ever wanted was for her to be safe' she had tried to commit suicide after killing her daughter, but was found guilty .
jon paladini claims brendan mcdonough overheard an argument between the crew leader and his deputy over leaving a safe zone . the yarnell hill fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013, the worst disaster of its kind since 1933 . paladini says mcdonough told darrell willis about the deadly order, but neither he nor mcdonough are alive to verify that account .
samsung sold 82.4m smartphones in the first three months of the year, for a 24.5 percent market share . however, samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iphones . apple held an 18.2 percent market share after selling 61.2 million iphones .
ava ciach, from geelong in victoria, suffered from sagittal synostosis . two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting the growth of her brain . ava had to have her skull removed, smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle .
didier drogba has scored 15 goals in 15 games for chelsea against arsenal . the ivorian striker averages one goal every 78 minutes against his team . drogba left chelsea for shanghai shenhua in 2012 .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will fight in las vegas on may 2 . freddie roach says mayweather cannot be considered the best ever . roach says mayweather has picked and chosen his opponents during his career .
huge hole opened up on earl street, northampton, at about 2pm on thursday . motorists had to swerve out of the way of the giant hole, which is 8ft wide . one eyewitness described it as 'like something you would see in a disaster movie' .
holder, who has served as the nation's top law enforcement official since the start of the obama administration, addressed hundreds of lawyers and staffers one day after his successor, loretta lynch, was confirmed by the senate . 'i am proud of you. i'm going to miss you. i am going to miss this building. i am going to miss this institution. more than anything, i am going to miss you all,' holder told the standing-room-only crowd, many of whom embraced him after his speech .
sandy dee hall, 34, and maxine cher, 24, adopted smokey da lamb . the lamb was abandoned by his mother and taken to the farm . now city officials are demanding that he be sent back to live on the farm . maxine and sandy bottle-feed smokey three times a day and have to burp him . smokey has made dozens of friends since moving into sandy's apartment .
nabil bentaleb's current deal at white hart lane expires in the summer of 2018 . tottenham want to improve his contract to ward off interest from rival teams . clubs across europe are monitoring the situation at white hart lane .
japanese airline all nippon airways to unveil latest livery . boeing 787 dreamliner painted to look like star wars robot r2-d2 . cockpit and front half of fuselage painted with blue panels .
misty machinshok, 33, 'coached' husband on best positions to conceive . held daughter's hand 'the first few times' and told friends she was pregnant . gary machinshok, 29, has admitted raping the girl 'every few days' in 2013 . he also admitted sexually assaulting her 11-year-old sister but plea deal means he cannot be charged for it .
louis van gaal was stunned to find players could not train after dark . he ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights . van gaal is very keen to replicate match conditions during sessions . if united are due to play a night match he would prefer them to prepare by training under lights and, should they be playing in a 3pm kick-off in the winter, he would like to train at a similar time amid fading levels of light .
madonna posted a photo of former prime minister margaret thatcher on instagram . she quickly deleted the image after receiving dozens of abusive messages . some of her fans took umbrage to the post and said she had gone 'a step too far' however, conservative fans praised her for the post, with one saying she was 'back in my good books'
lisa colagrossi collapsed from a brain aneurysm on march 19 and never regained consciousness . her mother lois colagrossi was greeting mourners at her funeral when she was approached by her daughter's boss camille edwards . edwards told mrs colagrossi how hard of a worker she was and how everyone at the station respected her . 'i am talking about how you worked my daughter to death,' mrs colagross
robert bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter . he is accused of fatally shooting a man he says he meant to subdue with a taser .
sarah hulbert, of auburn, wrote in her complaint that she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at bates college . the 59-year-old hulbert worked for bates president a. clayton spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012 . hulbert claims she was fired for having 'no pizzazz' .
the 34-year-old beauty was not afraid to discuss the upcoming chat when stopping by variety's 2015 power of women luncheon in new york city on friday . 'the family is watching all together with bruce, so i’m literally rushing out right after this to catch a flight home so they can wait and watch it with me,' she said .
chelsea face arsenal at the emirates on sunday in the premier league . jose mourinho's side trained at their base in cobham on friday . cesc fabregas will make his first return to the emirates on sunday . diego costa is a doubt for the clash due to injury . didier drogba or loic remy could start up front for chelsea .
the trussell trust claimed that 1 million people are being fed from food banks . iain duncan smith dismissed claims that the figures are 'unverified' food banks are a new phenomenon and should not be used as a 'political football'
victoria wasteney, 38, says she was branded a 'religious nutcase' by employment tribunal . she was suspended from £50,000-a-year job after colleague accused her of trying to convert her to christianity . lawyers have submitted a challenge to employment tribunal .
lord tebbit said david cameron has never had a proper job before entering politics . the former tory party chairman also criticised mr cameron for playing up the threat of a labour-snp government . he suggested tory voters north of the border vote tactically for labour .
multiple ghosts supposedly inhabit an expensive new york city apartment building, which recently added academy award-nominated actress jessica chastain to its list of occupants . chastain and her boyfriend, gian luca passi de preposulo, spent $5.1 million on an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms . chastain most recently appeared on the big screen in the 2014 films interstellar and a most violent year .
colourful fiestas combine spanish and inca traditions . men dress as multi-coloured dragons or monsters . women wear skirts puffed up with petticoats and small bowler hats . lake titicaca is one of the world's largest lakes .
daniel filmus, argentina’s secretary of state for the islands, said britain’s decision to increase military spending in the south atlantic was ‘gunboat diplomacy’ . he said military conflict ‘belongs to the past’ and claimed ‘the united kingdom can count on argentina as an ally’ .
pablo mandado, 27, and ilze zebolde, 31, have covered almost 7,000 miles (11,131.92km by their measurements) in 356 days so far they’ve covered almost 7,000 miles (11,131.92km by their measurements) and been through 16 countries . they keep costs down by relying on free accommodation, along with not needing a budget for transport .
jordon ibe will sign a new five-year contract with liverpool this week . the 19-year-old spent the first half of this season on loan at derby county . ibe has impressed since returning to anfield this season .
diego de girolamo is out of contract at bramall lane at the end of the season . benfica and juventus are interested in signing the italy under 20 international . celtic and southampton are also monitoring the situation of de girolamo .
west brom host liverpool at the hawthorns on saturday . baggies are eight points above the premier league relegation zone . tony pulis believes his side can rise to the challenge .
joanessa clawson, 35, her husband james clawson, 38, and her mother patti ann baldassarre, 68, face felony conspiracy charges . they 'set up a fake gofundme page asking for donations for their daughter, sofia, who had heart surgery to repair a defect she was born with' the page was written from the point of view of a family friend - who allegedly does not exist - appealing for help . friends say they had suspicions about the fundraiser because their stories did not seem to add up
xavi played for 148th time in the champions league on tuesday night . the former spain international also set the record for most appearances in the knockout phase of the competition . real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas is in line to equal xavi's total in both champions league games and knockout matches .
airline codes features 438 airports from 94 countries, allowing users to finally understand why certain airlines are tagged as they are . from unfortunate three letter codes such as omg and sux to the funny lol, airport codes can leave passengers baffled .
waverley mayor sally betts is developing 'a new risky behaviour education program' for young women . she wrote a glowing reference for luke lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family' after he raped an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father's soho nightclub . lazarus, a convicted rapist, was jailed for at least three years on march 27 .
charles terreni jr, 18, was found dead at pi kappa alpha house in columbia, south carolina, around 10:30am on march 18 . he was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died, an autopsy has found . terreni is the son of attorney charles terreni, a former staff member for then-lt. gov. bob peeler . the death is still under investigation .
a four hundred-person mass brawl broke out friday night at resorts world casino in queens, new york . patrons at a bar opening inside the casino reportedly turned on one another . video of the fight shows a crowd of people erupting from a bar area, punching, kicking, shouting and re-purposing casino decorations as weapons .
xherdan shaqiri joined inter milan from bayern munich in january . the 23-year-old has been dropped to the bench in recent matches . inter boss roberto mancini insists shaqiri will not be leaving the club .
frank knight was sued by the oyston family for alleged defamatory comments . knight settled before court proceedings, having to pay £20,000 in damages . supporters have raised nearly £15,000 in under three days .
delta flight from paris to newark diverted to boston on wednesday . two people were taken to hospital with possible minor injuries . one passenger said it felt like 'king kong picked up the plane and shook it like there was no tomorrow' .
saracens face racing metro in the european champions cup quarter-final . jacques burger is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game . ‘when i step off the pitch i will be somebody else again. it is pretty weird. you go out there and do your job then you step off and pick up your kids and you are soft again,' said burger .
kenneth lombardi, who goes by ken, was a red carpet regular for cbs new york, interviewing stars from oprah to ashton kutcher and arnold schwarzenegger . lombardi, who is openly bisexual, says he was forced to quit his job in november and relocate to los angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two male colleagues . duane tollison, a senior producer at cbs, allegedly kissed lombardi
labour and tory politicians have come to blows over 45p top tax rate . chancellor george osborne has dodged questions over plans to offer help . he said raising the tax-free personal allowance to £12,500 was a priority . labour accuse the government of prioritising 'helping the very richest' .
raquel d'apice, a comedian and mother-of-one from new jersey, has put her own personal spin on crowd-sourced assessments by creating yelp reviews of newborns . the hilarious parody posts highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today .
deckchair was on first class promenade deck when liner sank in 1912 . found bobbing on surface of atlantic by crew of the mackay-bennett . has been owned for 15 years by an english titanic collector . anonymous owner has never sat on it due to its fragile state .
nicholas pence, 25, and his father david, 56, were shot dead on wednesday . they had been celebrating a football game in their garage in metairie, louisiana . moments later, they were shot dead 'execution-style' at close range . david pence, an oil company manager, was shot three times in chest . nicholas pence was shot in the face and back and was found lifeless . dexter allen, 17, and haraqyon degruy, 18, have been charged with
the italian coast guard received calls from 20 boats in distress on monday alone . save the children fears 400 migrants could be missing . there has been a recent upsurge in migrant boats crossing the mediterranean into italy .
"furious 7" is getting the widest release in universal's history . it earned a record-breaking $60 million internationally on wednesday and thursday . "furious 7" is poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 to date .
hillary clinton's secret service detail led a handful of journalists on two lengthy high-speed chases to homes of influential democrats . clinton's lone official appearance on her first day in new hampshire was a carefully staged small-business roundtable in keene . a lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off-the-books and under the public's radar . if police radar had been engaged, it would have clocked hillary's signature black conversion van hitting 
sussex police accused of 'victim-blaming' in anti-rape poster campaign . it urges women not to leave their friends alone or wander off with strangers . anti-rape campaigners say it implies victims are to blame for attacks .
tim sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of aston villa . christian benteke has scored nine goals in his last seven for villa . villa have already surpassed under sherwood in the fa cup final .
jenson button was forced to stop out on track after his mclaren broke down . the 35-year-old finished 19th in the bahrain grand prix on friday . button is 4.5secs behind nico rosberg in his mercedes .
farm worker seen urinating in a field of vegetables in benington, lincolnshire . a disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone . he was sacked by th clements & son, which owns the field in lincolnshire . tesco has said its vegetables undergo an 'extensive assessment' .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 2-0 in the champions league on tuesday . andres iniesta failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 la liga appearances this season . iniesta capped the night with a mesmeric run and pass for neymar .
boris johnson joined david cameron at london nursery yesterday . mayor has long been tipped as future leader of conservative party . but he insisted he thinks it is 'highly unlikely' and wants to lead party .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe is scheduled to speak to a joint meeting of congress wednesday . julian zelizer: abe arrives at an opportune time to help along the trans-pacific partnership free trade agreement .
ethan czahor has launched ‘clear’ which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer . users can search for keywords such as ‘gay’, ‘black’ or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them . mr czahor said he hoped the app would ensure others do not suffer the same fate as he did .
the suspension for ibrahim ahmad will prevent him from attending la center high's dance saturday . the 18-year-old senior wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives . ahmad says he was trying to go all out with his prom proposal and questions whether the decision to suspend him was based on his ethnicity .
frankie ruttledge, 24, from strensall, yorkshire, weighed 18 stone 7lbs . always thought of herself as the 'fat bridesmaid' but has now lost six stone . dropped from a size 28 to a size 10/12 in less than two years . is now looking forward to her own wedding to fiance luke haynes, 24 .
liris crosse, 32, from baltimore, maryland, always dreamed of being a model . her cat-like eyes, full lips and flawless complexion got her in the door . but her voluptuous shape proved her doubters wrong . she now hopes to take the uk by storm .
tom brady updated his facebook page on wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast . he had shared a video on saturday of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation . brady wrote: 'jordan's crossover no joke!' .
michael bisping beat cb dollaway on points in montreal on saturday . the manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to luke rockhold last year . bisping admitted he expected an easier fight after the unanimous points decision .
mother and ten ducklings were trying to cross busy street in sutton coldfield . staff dashed to help them cross, but the ducks followed them back to office . they ushered the family out of a back door to safety and they disappeared .
video shows suicide bomber's car being catapulted 100ft into the air . it hit a roadside bomb while trying to launch attack on kurdish peshmerga forces . just as it begins to fall back down to earth, the car detonates like a firework . it then drops back down into the massive cloud of smoke that has billowed up .
ron aydelott, head coach for the riverdale high school warriors in murfreesboro for nearly ten years, suffered serious facial injuries in the attack . witnesses said aydelott in no way provoked the attack but that the 17-year-old alleged attacker became violent after he felt 'disrespected' the boy was arrested by a school resource officer and charged with aggravated assault .
'crystal clear' footage handed into metropolitan police by worker . worker based 50ft from crime scene contacted 101 on monday last week . but police raced to obtain cctv once report was made, it is claimed . comes after force was criticised for ignoring alarm that went off .
kyli wolfson, 29, was 26 when she first started experiencing excruciating pain whenever she ate, a symptom which doctors initially brushed off as being due to a mild pancreatic problem . she was eventually diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis, and the north carolina resident found herself looking at a lifetime spent on a feeding tube . within months she dropped to a startling 80lbs and had to postpone her wedding as she spent more and more time in hospitals .
ricky gervais posted picture of rebecca francis on his twitter feed . francis, a grandmother-of-nine, won extreme huntress in 2010 . she regularly posts pictures of her kills - which got retweeted thousands of times . gervais has now led an online charge against 'trophy hunters' .
jacob fairbank fractured his ankle while on loan at halifax . the huddersfield forward faces a spell on the sidelines . fairbank was injured in halifax's victory over hunslet on easter monday .
mark ward faville, of christiansburg, virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife anne, who died in 2000 . faville then took his own life as he was being led away from the courthouse, though it is not known how he did this . a sheriff's deputy who was taking the man to a holding room could be heard screaming 'drop it, drop it,' and that the court was soon put on lockdown until 5pm .
ander herrera has impressed manchester united's scouts throughout his career at real sociedad and athletic bilbao . barcelona have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old . herrera is as considered in his approach off the pitch as he is on it .
newcastle set another record as losers of the last five tyne-wear derbies . john carver said he had a secret motivational tactic up his sleeve . phil neville was scathing in his assessment of newcastle a fortnight ago .
after a large amount of rain, four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky on tuesday . rdj grew increasingly agitated as a channel 4 interviewer from the uk asked about his private life . a prom-posal that referenced bombs? one school wouldn't have it, but the prom-poser accuses administrators of racism .
jessica kensky and patrick downes have joined the appeals calling for dzhokar tsarnaev to be sentenced to life in prison rather than death . the married couple lost a leg each in the april 15, 2013, blast . a jury will decide this week whether to sentence tsarnaev to death or life in prison without parole .
kentucky guard andrew harrison apologizes for "poor choice of words" he muttered after team's loss to wisconsin . kaminsky says he's "over it"
myuran sukumaran and andrew chan were arrested for the bali nine drug smuggling operation in 2005 . the pair were sentenced to death and refused clemency earlier this year . their lawyers have been desperate to show the courts their rehabilitation over the past decade . sukumaran's talent and love for his art grew as he was mentored by well-known australian artist ben quilty . chan is now a pastor and sukumaran is a painter .
scientists in colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle . every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface . this combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections (cmes) and solar flares that can endanger earth . when the seasons combine, the activity of the sun can be amplified .
the 76sq ft hideaway, based near the tiny hampshire hamlet of newgrounds, near godshill, is made entirely from timber imported from norway . its ideal location means the cabin is worth more than twice what a similar bolthouse would be worth elsewhere . for the same amount, buyers could own a three-bedroom grade ii-listed former school house just a few miles down the road in ringwood .
indonesian officials are allowing migrant workers to leave for another island by boat out of concern for their safety . more than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip . they were finally being rescued by the indonesian fisheries ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing .
david seaman made one of the most iconic saves in fa cup history against sheffield united 12 years ago . seaman believes the save tops his penalty heroics for england . arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi-final on saturday .
isis is clearly about religion, but it is also about power . the group has thrived because of the rage and rebellion of the sunnis of iraq and syria .
world boxing champion kell brook watched the premier league darts . dave chisnall won both of his games in week 10 to move onto 17 points . brook is set to defend his title for a second time on may 30 against frankie gavin .
martina hingis will face agnieszka radwanksa in the fed cup on saturday . hingis won all five of her grand slam titles by the age of 18 . the 34-year-old was ranked no 1 in the world for 209 weeks .
dr alex russell, a sydney-based university lecturer, has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years . he has completed a phd on 'the taste and smell perception of wine' russell shares his tips for wowing winos with your knowledge .
the curl-crested jay is native to south america and is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds . videoed behind a fence, the bird initially makes a sinister noise like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound . following this the bird makes a noise that sounds like running water before a space invaders style tune emerges from it .
prime minister was giving a campaign speech in south london on saturday . joked that everyone should back his team - but named west ham instead . this morning he tried to explain away his gaffe by saying he had driven by the west ham stadium the day before . but it later emerged he actually flew over the ground in a private helicopter . mr cameron had earlier insisted he has been an aston villa fan 'all his life'
serena williams beat sara errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 in the fed cup play-off . the us were beaten 3-2 by errani and flavia pennetta in sunday's play-off . williams and alison riske were beaten 6-0 6-3 in the doubles rubber .
a small piece of glass was discovered in a beech-nut-nutrition baby food jar by a consumer- and now, the company is recalling 1,920 pounds of the product . the type of baby food being recalled is 'stage 2 beech-nut classics sweet potato & chicken,' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars . jars part of the recall have the numbers '12395750815' to '12395750821,' with december 2016 expiration dates .
isis' first english bulletin aired on its al-bayan radio network on tuesday . it boasts of isis victories in iraq, syria and libya and car bombings in iraq . also boasts about 'martyrdom operations' and 'roasting the flesh' of opponents .
patrick barkham’s book is written to celebrate 50 years of enterprise neptune . the national trust’s campaign to save our coastal beauties from being spoiled — by purchasing them . barkham’s childhood holidays were partly spent on scolt head island, off the emptiest part of the norfolk coast .
amedy coulibaly stormed into hyper cacher jewish store in paris on january 9 . he killed four and took others captive before being shot dead in hail of gunfire . lawyers claim french media endangered the lives of hostages hiding in freezers by revealing their location live on air . coulibaly was following the coverage of his raid on different channels .
chelsea beat stoke 2-1 at stamford bridge on saturday . jose mourinho's side are seven points clear at the top of the premier league . willian played a part in loic remy's winner at stamford bridge .
phil blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour . the 32-year-old has dual new zealand and british nationality . he posted a mocked-up image of buddha wearing headphones on facebook . tongue-in-cheek advert provoked outrage among devout buddhists .
more than 20,000 pupils passed gcses with either an a or an a* grade . one in 30 pupils who sat the exams ended up with at least ten a grades . in 2009, the number of students who got straight as was 15,791 . this rose to 16,983 in 2010, 18,468 in 2011 and 18,829 in 2012 .
the 3,118 unidentified applicants were presumably delighted when they were accepted as freshmen by the university in gainesville for the fall . but after reading their congratulations notices, they realized they would need to agree to spend a year taking online classes in order to attend the public college . classes are part of new program - the pathway to campus enrollment - which started in 2015 and aims to accommodate a higher number of students .
jordon ibe is set to sign a new long-term contract at liverpool . the 19-year-old damaged his knee ligaments against besiktas on february 26 . brendan rodgers says ibe has looked 'absolutely sensational' .
raheem sterling struggled to impose himself as arsenal beat liverpool . he was brought down by hector bellerin for a penalty in the first half . sterling was positioned in an advanced role for liverpool . he admits he prefers playing in an advanced role .
clarence david moore, 66, escaped from a north carolina prison three times during the 1970s . moore was convicted of larceny of more than $200 in 1967 and was sentenced to up to seven years in prison . while working with a road crew in the asheville area, he escaped and was recaptured in 1971 . he escaped again the following year and was on the lam until he was apprehended in texas in 1975 . his health is poor from a stroke late last
len mccluskey boasted that trade unions 'own' the labour party . he said: 'the labour party is our party. we built it, to serve us' mr mccluskey urges his members to 'take back our country'
pope francis made the comments at a 100th anniversary mass on sunday . turkey summoned the holy see's ambassador in ankara in protest . turkey said pope francis has caused a 'problem of trust' in the holy see . today was the first time a pope has publicly used 'genocide' to describe massacre .
adrianne haslet-davis and her husband were steps away from the blast . "i saw all five of my toes, but i saw a lot of blood," she says . "i only begged for the whiskey when i thought i was going to die," she says .
right-handed reliever john axford has been placed on the family medical emergency list by the colorado rockies . his son jameson, 2, was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month and requires more treatment . axford celebrated h is birthday on april 1 by enjoying cake with his sons, jb, and jameson .
a bomb explodes near a u.n. vehicle traveling near garowe, somalia . four unicef workers are among the dead .
chelsea host arsenal in the premier league on sunday . jose mourinho was stumped by a question he was asked at his press conference . he was asked how hard arsene wenger pushed him during chelsea's 6-0 win over arsenal at stamford bridge last season . bsports are predicting a tight match, with arsenal slight favourites to win . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
airbnb rentals offers places that cater to interior decor of all tastes . mailonline travel guides you through the decades to find the best .
eloise aimee parry, 21, died after taking 2,4-dinitrophenol (dnp) pills . chemical contains toxic chemical used in pesticides and explosives . some offer next-day delivery, others offer free samples to try .
zoe hadley, also known as zoe hommel, had been battling illness since age 13 . she was found dead at a hotel in putney, south west london last year . inquest heard how her parents struggled to treat her illness . she insisted on having a series of operations, including the removal of her healthy appendix . accused her father of conspiring to fake an operation to make her believe she'd had a surgery for a prolapse .
an analogue promotional watch from apple is on sale via ebay . it has a blue bezel, rubber strap and colourful hands . it is listed with a ‘buy it now’ price of $2,499.99 (£1,707.47) plus postage . for the same price as the 1997 timepiece, apple fans could pre-order five of the cheapest apple watch sport, which cost £299 in the uk and still have some change .
harington joked that belfast is 'wonderful for two or three days' . emphasized that he has spent five years filming in the city . northern ireland is a principal filming location for game of thrones .
nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in california . the wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees . it means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter . in this image, the technology is visible at the flat 'flap at the base of the wing' figures suggest the breakthrough could increase fuel efficiency up to 12 per cent, and reduce noise at take-off and landing up to 40 per cent .
photos posted on shawn kathleen's instagram account passenger shaming . disgruntled flyers and flight attendants have taken to social media to shame feral passengers with annoying habits . photos show feet being wedged in between seats, rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms .
russian jet 'aggressively' intercepted u.s. rc-135u over poland, pentagon claims . russian su-27 flanker cut into rc-135u aircraft's path, it is claimed . pentagon officials have slammed the move as 'unprofessional' and 'unsafe' russia rubbished claims it was a deliberate and aggressive interception .
rhiannon langley is recovering from rhinoplasty at a five-star bangkok hotel . the 24-year-old from melbourne has almost 200,000 instagram followers . she has been updating her instagram feed daily with pictures and videos . 'i'm feeling so much better now, just excited to see the outcome!' she said .
odion ighalo gave watford the lead after just four minutes . matthew connolly doubled forest's lead with 20 minutes to play . gary gardner doubled forest's lead with 20 minutes to play . almen abdi scored watford's third with 20 minutes to play .
mum gitte denteneer asked staff at rubens eaterie in leuven to warm up milk . but when she came to pay, she was stunned to find 50 cents had been added . photo of bill went viral and triggered outrage on social media website .
ukip leader met hungarian ivan loncsarevity at a hinge factory in essex . farage insists he does not want to send eu migrants home to stop them taking the jobs of young britons .
the quaint capital city put on one hell of a show last weekend for its inaugural cubadupa festival . thousands of locals and tourists drew in thousands of locals and tourists for the contagious and frenetic festivities . cubadupa transformed everyday parking blocks into stages across the cuba street precinct .
marseille striker andre ayew is out of contract at the end of the season . swansea have made a contract offer for the 25-year-old ghana international . newcastle, everton, wolfsburg and borussia dortmund have also expressed interest .
johnny manziel was spotted at a texas rangers game tuesday night after leaving rehab on january 28 . this as offseason workouts with the cleveland browns team begin next monday, april 20 . this after a rookie season in which he saw limited game time and suffered difficult losses in his only two starts, manziel was no doubt hoping to step out of the spotlight following the end of the cleveland browns season last december . he was quick to apologize to the team
images show seals being shot and wounded before being dragged onto ships . they are clubbed to death on canada's ice floes and eventually skinned for fur . images taken by humane society international off the coast of newfoundland . charity says baby animals are 'dieing violent death for fur products nobody wants'
secret service agents parked hillary clinton's scooby doo van in a handicapped spot in council bluffs, iowa on thursday . the presidential nominee was in a top-secret meeting with state democratic party officials in omaha, nebraska . clinton has round-the-clock protection, including a van chauffeur, because she is the wife of a former u.s. president, bill clinton .
everton host swansea city at the liberty stadium on saturday . the toffees are currently languishing in the bottom half of the premier league . nearly 4,000 fans watched an open training session at goodison park on tuesday .
garry monk wants swansea to continue their impressive form with victory over everton on saturday . the swansea boss believes a strong finish will put a different slant on the season . everton are currently fifth in the premier league table .
"it was turning into the wild, wild, west," sheriff says . the buffalo escaped from a farm in schodack, new york, on thursday .
jeremy scott’s spring/summer 2015 collection for moschino caused an insta-stampede . olivia phillips, 30, a journalist at emirates woman, took to the streets of dubai dressed as the iconic doll . she wore a low-fi uniform of skinny jeans, biker jackets and a scruffy bun .
michael phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory in arizona . the 18-time olympic gold-medallist was suspended by usa swimming . phelps won the race with a time of 52.38 seconds, edging out ryan lochte .
biologists at jyväskylä university in finland say eye-spots on the wings of butterflies do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species, like owls . they suggest the eye spots may simply scare away predators by confusing them or overloading their senses . the team showed great tits pictures of owl butterflies that had been digitally altered, and watched their reaction .
john sims, who had burkitt's lymphoma, died on saturday, with his new wife lindsey sims by his side . the pair married march 21 at the university of texas md anderson cancer center . john, who was to turn 31 tomorrow, was told his cancer was terminal .
jamar nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l.a. before school on february 10 when two police officers working for the lapd approached the boys with their guns drawn . one of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire . nicholson was shot in the back by officer miguel gutierrez and is in pain but says he and his friends feel lucky to be alive .
dane tilse will join hull kr from canberra raiders on a two-and-a-half-year deal . tilse will link up with his old canberra team-mate terry campese . rovers were forced to release michael weyman and ryan bailey .
danielle and alexander meitiv, both scientists in maryland, made headlines just before christmas when police found rafi, 10 and dvora, 6 . on sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park . the children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to cps . meanwhile, mrs meitiv says cps workers left her and her husband to panic for hours before letting them know their kids were safe
the celebrity doctor didn't pull any punches in thursday's episode of the dr. oz show which was called the truth about his critics . 'the 10 doctors who attacked me got what they wanted – sensational headlines and sound bites,' said oz . the doctors accused him of being a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' and 'baseless and relentless opposition to the genetic engineering of food crops'
rachel lynn lehnardt, 35, from evans, georgia, was spotted outside her house on wednesday wearing a hooded jacket and workout clothes . she has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor . the mother-of-five allegedly threw a wild party with her teenage daughter and daughter's friends on saturday night .
ambra battilana, 22, filed police report saying she was groped by harvey weinstein . she did not 'co-operate' with authorities for four days after initial report . sources say she decided to pursue criminal case after 'pipe dream' came to nothing . weinstein voluntarily spoke with authorities and is cooperating .
the hometown of stephanie scott has paid tribute to the much-loved teacher . more than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies in canowindra on sunday . hundreds gathered to mark the tragic death of the bride-to-be . the 26-year-old was murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years .
sam allardyce's west ham face manchester city at the etihad on sunday . the hammers are currently 10th in the premier league table . but allardyce is not bothered by how city will react to their form . the hammers are expected to be without enner valencia . diafra sakho will miss the game with a thigh injury . click here for all the latest west ham united news .
sergio aguero scored 100th goal for manchester city in 158 appearances . argentine striker scored in 89th minute to win title in 2012 . aguero signed new five-year deal at the etihad stadium last summer .
researchers scanned the brains of people reading passages from the collection . they found 'arousing words' affected parts of the brain concerned with emotion . valence refers to how positive or negative a word is, while arousal refers to its 'physiological intensity' . study screened seven harry potter novels - harry potter and the sorcerer's stone (1997), harry potter and the chamber of secrets (1998), harry potter and the goblet of fire (2001) .
newcastle owner mike ashley bought 9.8 per cent stake in rangers . ashley loaned the glasgow giants £5million in january . ashley is prohibited from going over 10 per cent at ibrox .
hawthorn coach alastair clarkson was filmed lashing out at an aggressive afl fan after his team's narrow loss to port adelaide on saturday night . the young man, thought to be an adelaide power fan, taunted clarkson as he made his way back to his adelaide hotel room . clarkson pushed the man and grabbed his neck . the incident took place in the hours after the hawthorn hawks' narrow eight-point loss to port adelaide .
lib dem minister danny alexander released details of child benefit cuts . claims tory plans were drawn up by civil servants on orders of mr alexander . pm 'flatly rejected' the plans, claiming they were drawn up by civil servants . but lib dems hit back, claiming cameron himself had asked officials to examine ways to curb access to benefits .
manchester united host manchester city at old trafford on sunday . united are currently third in the premier league table . louis van gaal's side are on a run of five consecutive league wins .
'very blokey joke book' by jake harris on sale at river island . contains offensive joke about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends . twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and 'staggeringly offensive' .
falkirk beat hibernian 1-0 in the scottish cup semi-final at hampden park . craig sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute . fraser fyvie and scott allan were on target for the easter road side .
the 'festa dos confederados,' or 'confederates party' in portuguese, celebrates the 150th anniversary of the end of the american civil war . thousands turn out every year, including many who trace their ancestry back to the dozens of families who settled here from 1865 to around 1875 . 'my great-great-grandfather married a brazilian woman, so he integrated into brazilian culture pretty quickly,' said 77-year-old alcina tanner coltre .
originally named ena, the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year . now it is on the market after having served in world war i and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981 . designed by walter reeks more than a century ago, the yacht is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today .
jamie and dawn were appearing on episode entitled: 'my fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat?' couple had refused to take one of the show's famous lie detector tests . jamie attempts to propose but has the ring thrown back in his face . dawn then screeches out, screeching: 'i'm out of here!'
preston were held to a 2-2 draw by gillingham in the championship . jermaine beckford scored his 10th goal of the season as preston drew 2-2 . swindon remain in the automatic promotion hunt after a 4-2 win at rochdale .
survivors said the two-deck vessel 'flipped' after a commercial ship was spotted . men on the deck ran to one side, the sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea . hundreds of terrified women and children were trapped and died as water surged in and the boat turned upside down .
beatrice tollman made most recent donation of £20,000 to the conservatives . but it emerged she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before the charges were dismissed by a judge . her husband stanley tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion in 2008 .
robert durst has sent a bizarre letter to a reporter covering his case . molly hennessey-fiske, a reporter for the los angeles times, received the letter purporting to have been written by durst at a louisiana state prison . durst, 71, was arrested last month for the suspected 2000 murder of his friend susan berman in los angeles . he pleaded not guilty to weapons charges on thursday .
three men accused of murder were shot in the back of the heads at point-blank range . as their lifeless bodies collapsed onto the ground, dust shot into the air . killers then left the prisoners' corpses languishing among the crowd .
top seed kei nishikori beat russian teymuraz gabashvili 6-3 6-4 . rafael nadal will face fellow spaniard nicolas almagro in the third round . albert montanes set up a meeting with fellow home favourite david ferrer .
dane bouris appeared in waverley court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty . he was arrested at his watsons bay home in sydney's east on the weekend . his girlfriend, alexandra dankwa, 22, is of european and african background . she started modelling for grace brothers, samsung and hasbro .
countess of grantham may be coming back in new american show the gilded age . the gilded age will be set among the high society families of new york in the late 19th century . there may also be a place for robert, the earl of grantham, and his wife cora .
the strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses . but can a woman with 34g curves ever look fab in a strapless dress? .
aussie actresses rose byrne and gracie otto have joined up in new collaboration 'the doll house' the quintet will collaborate on films, share ideas and provide financial support to each other . byrne believes it's about time women became leaders in the film industry .
sources tell tmz the divorce was amicable . they have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody . insiders claim there were no big problems with money or custody of their two children 10-year-old apple and moses aged nine . martin has reportedly been dating jennifer lawrence while paltrow has been seeing glee executive brad falchuk .
property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5 per cent . london will fare worst, with prices dropping by 3.6 per cent over next year . it follows last year’s record price hike of 17.4 per cent in the capital .
damon clay, 17, is in a medically induced coma in critical condition . two other teens accused him of stealing a playstation 3 while he was sleeping . quintavious barber, 19, and malik morton, 18, have been arrested for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child .
newly launched app, honest, allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users . personal dilemmas range from relationship questions such as 'i'm getting married next week and i'm having doubts, is that normal?' to questions about sexual dysfunction, career changes and secret crushes .
mirreyes refers to individuals who enjoy 'ostentatious spending, exhibitionism and narcissism' and are 'placed above all others' they post pictures of luxuries with a hashtag of the same name . mirreyes are often the sons and daughters of government officials, wealthy businessman and other members of mexican high society .
royal caribbean's legend of the seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked tuesday . just one day prior, the celebrity infinity docked in the southern california city with 106 sick . norovirus is an extremely contagious virus from contaminated water or food that can live on surfaces for weeks .
mikel gonzalez puts real sociedad ahead after just two minutes . atletico madrid equalise through antoine griezmann 10 minutes later . gonzalez diverts a corner past his own goalkeeper geronimo rulli . griezmann then doubles the lead in the 10th minute .
detlef guenzel cut polish-born wojciech stempniewicz into small pieces . he then buried them in his garden in hartmannsdorf-reichenau, dresden . guenzel, 57, had met stempniewicz on a website for cannibal fetishists . he was today sentenced to eight years and six months in prison .
family fled from henry doorley zoo in omaha, nebraska .
jimmy graham signed a deal to join the seattle seahawks on free transfer . michael bennett labelled the tight end 'soft' and 'overrated' after seattle's playoff win over the saints two years ago . bennett said graham 'didn't like him as a person or a player' .
the hollywood icon called 34 ennismore gardens her 'little london retreat' it boasts five bedrooms, five bathrooms, two reception rooms and a study . the apartment is a short walk from harrods and hyde park in knightsbridge .
a memorial will be held at the eat your greens function centre in eugowra, near ms scott's home town of canowindra . the 26-year-old teacher was set to wed her childhood sweetheart aaron leeson-woolley at the eat your greens centre in eugowra on saturday . a memorial will be held at 1pm this wednesday .
elderflower fields festival will be held in pippingford park for the second year running . the independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends . it is about giving children and families the chance to take part in a huge range of activities .
porto face bayern munich in champions league quarter-final first leg . julen lopetegui's side are undefeated in the competition so far . bayern beat shakhtar donetsk 7-0 in first leg at dragao on wednesday .
catherine nevin was jailed for life in 2000 for arranging to have husband shot . the 62-year-old was allowed out on day release on wednesday afternoon . she was allowed to attend an addiction studies course in dublin . the course is part of her pre-release plan to integrate back into society .
supermarket publishes list of healthy tips on its staff website . industry insiders say move is to 'smarten up' tesco stores .
ben cousins, 36, has been on bail and was due to face fremantle magistrates court on wednesday morning . cousins was arrested on march 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from bicton to mosman park . he was charged with reckless driving, failing to stop and refusing a breath test . the former west coast eagles captain has a history of substance abuse . cousins has been hospitalised twice in the past fortnight after a string of alleged incidents .
john goodwin, 75, went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault . prosecutors said that atkinson, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted a student, who is now 24 years old . the former student testified he didn't come forward until 2013 because he was embarrassed . goodwin was airlifted to a hospital with life-threatening injuries from the self-inflicted gunshot wound .
a russian truck overtook a cyclist on the st petersburg ring road . the truck clipped the cyclist and knocked him out of his bicycle . ruslan bazarov suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg in the accident . the cyclist cried out in pain due to the seriousness of his injuries .
intrepid travel have decided not to take any more bookings to nepal until may 11 . those planning on travelling before this date have been offered a refund . british foreign office has advised tourists to follow the advice .
china's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 chinese citizens . they included 176 people from pakistan, ethiopia, singapore and italy . a turkish naval frigate has evacuated 55 turks from aden .
rose devereux, 49, was left in agony after years of alleged incompetent treatment . bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns . she now faces a bill of £30,000 to get her smile back .
kay-ann morris, 23, is on trial for murdering shanay walker, seven . court heard she was subjected to 'repeated acts of cruelty' by her aunt . shanay was found cold and stiff in her bed by paramedics last july . morris told police officers shanay had fallen down the stairs . but 23-year-old was later arrested and charged with murder .
ben morgan is hopeful of playing for england at the forthcoming world cup . the gloucester no 8 broke his left leg playing against saracens in the aviva premiership in early january . morgan scored two tries during england's victory over australia five months ago .
manchester united lost 3-0 at home to everton in the premier league . goals from james mccarthy, john stones and kevin mirallas did not flatter everton . louis van gaal said that united could not match everton's commitment .
a study of 2.3 million australian parents has pinpointed 7.35am as the most hectic, frenzied time of day . parents spend an average of 140 hours making breakfast each year . aussie kids eat nut spreads 6.7 times a week .
adele adkins, 26, has amassed £5million in the last year despite releasing no new music . mother-of-one has double the wealth of her nearest rivals zayn malik, 22 . ed sheeran, 24, has enjoyed the biggest rise taking his fortune to £20million . ellie goulding, leona lewis, jessie j and katie melua are also worth £13million .
ellanora arthur baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years . she has been able to reach victor sena blood-dzraku by phone .
government has approved funding for cambridgeshire-based mole solutions . the plan aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas . freight would be transported in capsules to edge of town consolidation centres . project is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns .
yvonne deegan, 77, described the investigation as 'absolutely diabolical' her husband bernie deegan, 70, died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle . police last week told mrs deegan that his death is one of four being investigated as part of a probe into dr rory lyons . islanders have said it was concerns over the unexpected death of mr cosheril's cousin karen from pneumonia in january .
researchers found coffee can stop the growth of tumours in women who have already been treated with the drug tamoxifen . tamoxifen blocks oestrogen from reaching the cancer cells . this means the cancer either grows more slowly or stops growing altogether .
charlie chaplin's divorce papers lay bare his 'cruel and inhumane' treatment of his teenage bride lita grey during their short-lived marriage . the 50-page papers were found in a bank in america and are set to fetch an estimated £15,000 when they go under the hammer . chaplin, then 35, married his second wife lita, 16, in 1924 and the union lasted just three years .
james tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month . the west ham defender has undergone successful surgery . tomkins hopes to return to action before the end of the season .
marco negri joined rangers from perugia for £3.5million in 1997 . he scored 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the scottish giants . but a series of injuries destabilised his career in glasgow .
anderson silva will meet with brazilian taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year's olympics . the brazilian taekwondo confederation said wednesday that 'this wonderful possibility' of silva competing in the olympics will be discussed next week . silva is currently suspended by ufc after failing drug tests .
teenager was dragged from a bus stop and brutally raped by a man . the 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden . she was raped by the man and left for dead in the beeston area of leeds . victim will speak out in tonight's episode of crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams .
jamelia said obese women 'should feel uncomfortable' about their size . the loose women panellist aired her views on the itv show in a discussion about overweight teenagers . now the plus-size industry has spoken out about her comments .
12 per cent of brits think baby should be named after william's mother . diana the princess of wales is the favourite option if it is a girl . alice and charlotte were next in preference with nine per cent of the vote .
bastian schweinsteiger picked up an ankle injury during bayern munich's 1-0 win over borussia dortmund on saturday . bayern said that schweinsteiger's injury wasn't too serious . schweinsteiger will miss bayer leverkusen's quarter-final tie on wednesday .
fbi agent timothy pappa claims translator xiaoming gao was paid 'thousands of dollars to provide information on u.s. persons and a u.s. government employee' . the affidavit also revealed that gao lived with a state department employee who had top-secret clearance . as for the alleged spy she spoke to, their names was 'teacher zhao,' and the two met numerous times over the years in hotels in china .
